# Suffering Souls

Дискография
"Cries Of Silence" 1999, Black Metal
"Twilight Ripping Souls Apart" 2000, Black Metal
"Incarnated Perfection" 2003, Black Metal

## Отношения с другими группами


## Обсуждения


## Упоминания

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

tuptat1 24.09.2011 22:28:
Love History Anasazi 2000 Doom/Death<BR>Lunatic Gods - Sitting By The Fire, Atmospheric/Death/Doom/Black, HROM Records <BR>Memoria Children of the Doom 2001 Gothic/Doom <BR>Medicine Death - As A Vigorous And Lustful Figure, Melodic Death ,Oliver Records <BR>Meridian - The Seventh Sun, black,Season Of Mist  <BR>Mistweaver (Esp) - Dream's Domain,Melodic Death,Medusa <BR>Morgion -Cloaked by Ages, Crowned in Earth , doom\death,Dark Symphonies  <BR>Malefactor The Darkest Throne 2001 Epic/Melodic Death <BR>New Keepers of the Water Towers - Chronicles ,stoner doom,MeteorCity <BR>Nemesis Inferi Sins of Eden 1999 Symphonic Black <BR>Nocturnal Winds - Everlasting Fall,Melodic Death,Aftermath Music <BR>Nocturnal Winds -Everlasting Fall 1999 Melodic Death<BR>Obscurity Tears Songs For A Black Winter 2000 Doom<BR>Redemptor Hominis - Pr&#233;mices I - IV, Black,Haarbn Productions <BR>Symbyosis- Crisis 2000 Progressive Death <BR>Saxorior – Saxot, Melodic Black ,G.U.C. Productions <BR>Soulless (USA) - Agony's Lament,Melodic Death/Thrash,WorldChaos&#168;Productions <BR>Suffering Souls Incarnated Perfection 2003 Sympho Black <BR>Signs of darkness-  The 17 floor<BR>Signs of darkness – Beyong the autumn leaves<BR>The Embraced -  The Birth<BR>The Embraced – In my Dreams….<BR>The Eternal (Aus) - The Sombre Light Of Isolation ,Gothic/Doom,Firbox Records <BR>The Old Dead Tree - The Nameless Disease ,gothic,Season of Mist <BR>The Heretic Fallen From Heaven 1999 Simpho Black <BR>The Wounded-Monument , doom death,Cold Blood Industries  <BR>The Wounded - The Art of Grief ,doom death,Cold Blood Industries <BR>The Descendants of Cain - BRIAH, gothic rock   400<BR>The Embraced-In My Dreams... I Am Armageddon 1998 Melodic Death<BR>The Embraced-The Birth 2001 Melodic Death<BR>Vilkates - Apocalyptic Millenium,melodic Black,Last Episode<BR>Walhalla Firereich 2000 Black/Thrash <BR>Wall of Sleep - Slow, But Not Dead, doom stoner, PsycheDOOMelic Records <BR>Windir – 1184, Viking black, Somber Music  500<BR>Windir - Arntor , Viking black, Somber Music  500<BR>Windir - Likferd ,Viking black, Somber Music  500<BR>Without Grief Deflower 1997 Melodic Death <BR><BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

DocentSM 20.10.2012 17:29:
docentSM@mail.ru<BR>Artemisia - So legends tell , (Doom)<BR>Ametropie - The Unknown (Trash)<BR>Aurora - Dead Electric Nightmares (Mel.Death)<BR>As It Burns - Mortal Dusk  (Mel. Black/Death)<BR>Atanatos -   Devastation-The Third Attack(Black/Thrash)<BR><BR>Black wood -Religious  (Black) <BR>Chaska - Pururauca (Folk Death)<BR>Candle Serenade - Nosferatu's Passio,Mel. (Black/Doom)<BR><BR>Drastique -  Pleasureligion  (Gothic)<BR>Dawn of Relic -  Lovecraftian Dark (Dark/Black)<BR>Dying Passion -  Voyage (Gothic/Doom)<BR>Diableria - Cupae Rosae  (Gothic)<BR>Desolate - Eventide of the Orb and Heavens (Mel. Death/Black)<BR>Dawn of Dreams - Darklight Awakening (Mel. Black/Death)<BR>Decoryah - Wisdom Floats (Witchhunt) (Atmos. Doom)<BR><BR>Epoch of Unlight - Caught in the Unlight (Mel. Death/Black)<BR>Eibon - he Garden of Theophrastus, (Simpho Black)<BR>Forgotten Silence - Bya Bamahe Neem (Prog. Folk/Jazz)<BR>Fenris Offerings to the Hunger  (Black/Viking)<BR>Forefather - The Fighting Man (Black/Viking) <BR>Forefather - Deep into Time  (Black/Viking)<BR>Faerghail - Horizon's Fall  (Mel. Black)<BR><BR>Grave Flowers -  Solace Me (Doom)<BR>Grave Flowers - Incarcerated Sorrows (Doom)<BR>Guidance of Sin – 6106 (Mel. Death)<BR>Gardens of Gehenna -  Mortem Saluta (Doom/Death)<BR><BR><BR>Haggard -  And Thou Shalt Trust... The Seer (Serenades) (Simpho) <BR>Hedon -  Cries Hate into Grief (Doom/Death)<BR>Hindvir - Roth Cingetos Taxonaria (Viking black)<BR><BR><BR>Indungeon - Machinegunnery of Doom (Thrash/Death) <BR>Inborn Suffering - Wordless Hope  (Mel. Dark Doom)<BR>Impending Doom - Apocalypse III-The Manifested Purgatorium (Mel. Black/Death)<BR><BR>Klabautamann -  Der Ort (Atmos. Black)<BR><BR>Longing for Dawn - Between  Elation and Despair (Funeral Doom)<BR>My Shameful  - Of All the Wrong Things (Doom/Death)<BR>Manipulated Slaves - The Legendary Black Jade (Mel. Death)<BR>Mournful Congregation - The June Frost (Funeral Doom)<BR>Majestic Downfall - Temple of Guilt (Doom/Death)<BR>Morgion -Cloaked by Ages, Crowned in Earth (Doom/Death)<BR>Nocturnal Winds -Everlasting Fall  (Mel. Death)<BR>Nortt - Ligf&#230;rd (Funeral Doom/ Black)<BR>Obtest – Is Kartos I Karta (Pagan/Black) (A5)<BR>Obscurity Tears -  Songs For A Black Winter (Doom/Death)<BR><BR>Remembrance - Silencing the Moments... (Funeral Doom)<BR><BR>Saxorior – Saxot, (Mel.Black) <BR>Soulless - Agony's Lament (Mel.Death/Thrash) <BR>Suffering Souls -  Incarnated Perfection (Sympho Black)<BR><BR>The Embraced - The Birth (Mel.Death)<BR>Tyrant - Legend (Sympho Black)<BR>The Wounded - Monument (Doom/Gothic)<BR>The Wounded - The Art of Grief  (Doom/Gothic)<BR>Urna – Iter ad lucem (Funeral Doom/ Black)<BR><BR>Vilkates - Apocalyptic Millenium,(Mel.Black)<BR>Windir – 1184  (Viking black)<BR>Windir - Arntor  (Viking black) <BR>Windir - Likferd  (Viking black)<BR>Without Grief -  Deflower  (Mel. Death)<BR>

