# Malevolence

(Aggressive Death/Black Metal From Portugal)

## Дискография

### "Pleasure of Molestation (demo)" 1994, Death Metal



### "Dominium" 1996, Death Metal

1.  Desespero
2.  Dominion Of Hate
3.  The Burning Picture
4.  Under Inhuman Touch
5.  Enchanted Mask
6.  Swallowed In Black
7.  My Eyes (throne Of Tears)
8.  Sweet Bloody Vision
9.  Erotica
10.Ceremonial Gallery

Produced by Armando Gloria
Co-Produced by MALEVOLENCE
Recorded and Mixed at Digo Dai Studios by Armanda Gloria
Cover artwork by Cobre de Abel Salazar

Carlos Cariano - Screams & Rhythm Guitar
Luis Lacerda - Melody-Guitar
Rui Capitao - Fog Bass
Nelson - Drums

### "Martyrialized" 1999, Death Metal

I. The brotherhood of Christ 3:19
II.Diabolical Eve (Chronicles of mother lusitania) 2:52
III.Hunters of the red moon 3:31
IV.Les salles obscures de rose noire XVIII 3:36
V.Thy extremist operetta 4:12
VI.Insubordination 2:38
VII.A shinning onslaught of tyranny 4:03
VIII.Oceans of fire 3:22
IX.Martyrialized 3:03


-Recorded at Fredman Studios in Gothenburg, Sweden.

-Mixed by Fredrik Nordstrom known for his work with the likes of At The
Gates, Dimmu Borgir, Arch Enemy, In Flames, Dark Tranquillity, Opeth„Ј

-Recording sessions engaged by Anders Frid„In (Vocals on In Flames)

-Mastered at The Mastering Room AB in Gothenburg, Sweden by Goran Finnberg
(Arch Enemy, In Flames, Opeth...)

-Opulent artwork and design featuring the virtual insane imagery of Cesar,
33B.

-Second chapter of an adorned onslaught seeped with diabolical passages &
Machiavellian literature for all those who dare to break the rules of
morality.

Line-up on this album:

Karlos Kariano Ѓг Dehumanisation & feed back attack
Fred Ѓг The 20th auditorium melodrama
Aires Pereira Ѓг Audio stormtrooper bastardisation
Gustavo Costa Ѓг The synthetic nucleonic command
Paulo Pereira Ѓг Skinless virtual phenomenon 




## Отношения с другими группами


## Публикации

### 19.03.2001 news Malevolence...

<p>Malevolence пишут новый материал для еще не названного третьего опуса. Почти все темы уже готовы, и по словам Карлоса получились более тяжелыми чем “Martyrialized”. Также уже готова лирика для 15 вещей. Кроме того, команда примет участие в испанском Repulsive Metal Festival - 30 и 31 марта (ожидается участие Marduk, Behemoth, And Oceans, Dornenreich, Mystic Circle, Disgorge, и Sanatorium).</p>

Автор: Yermola

### 19.03.2001 news CRUSHING THY MECHANICAL WORM PLANET

<p>Malevolence is actually hard at work writing new material for their upcoming third album yet without title. Their previous “Martyrialized” effort still carves a major impact nowadays on the underground metal scene and they are reaching out approximate sales figures of 9800 copies sold all over the World. Malevolence is still receiving a huge feedback from fans and media and even after doing some hundreds of interviews all over the World the interest unto the band keeps rising from day to day keeping them pretty much active unto those promotional matters almost two years since the release of their “Martyrialized” album. The band is feeling very enthusiastic about the way effects are turning out for the band lately and Karlos Kariano press forward to the World: “Right now we are in fact further interested in fixing ourselves unto the composition of the new material. We had the chance to make some interesting supporting European Tours to other major bands lately but we have come to the conclusion that we will make that only after the release from our third album upon late 2002. There is in fact a huge demand from fans all over the World to check the potential from the band at the live stages, however for us the choice between making a Tour right now and the compromise to compose the new material is obvious. We have been rate zero out there in the International underground metal scene until nowadays and we know that Maquiavel Music Entertainment Lda pushed the band a lot unto recognition lately. Thus, we prefer to blow out the work previously made on our previous album and to attack humanity with another ferocious metal mayhem assault before doing a major European Tour out there. It is a great responsibility to go out there feeling 100% to give the best we have for our fans as we are always damn serious about everything we do. We know that the release of the third album will push us even a step further giving us the chance to better solidify our position unto the metal community all over the World and Europe”. In other Malevolence related news we can advance you that they are already working with an American designer to accomplish the new breeding illustration for their upcoming third album. They have all the main themes already composed for the moment and Karlos assured us that the new album will be even heavier and much more aggressive than “Martyrialized”. They have about 15 new lyrics ready by now and something like 4 tracks under arrangements for the very brief moment. A reliable and professional Studio is on the works between the band and the label but we do not have yet too much information unto that matter to reveal. Even if the band is not going to full commit them in the meanwhile to a major European Tour they will make some short breaks unto the composition of the new material to play some single shows in Portugal and some other Countries in the upcoming weeks and months. For the very brief moment they are set to play unto the fourth Repulsive Metal Festival happening in Madrid/Spain between the 30th and the 31st March 2001. Other bands included on the bill will be Marduk, Behemoth, And Oceans, Dornenreich, Mystic Circle, Disgorge, and Sanatorium among others.</p>

Автор: Yermola

### 29.11.2001 bios Malevolence

<p>The beginning (1994 – 1996)<br><br> The dawning of the new age started back in the opening of 1994. Malevolence was a word that Karlos Kariano found extremely eye-catching in some literature books he was reading at the time. Theoretically, the word stands for “Aversion, mordacity, venom, bloodthirsty, intolerance, ill nature, inhumanity, unkindness ”. This sounded to Karlos Kariano like an ideal name for what would be the band he would start in the beginning of that year with some other musicians from his area. Karlos Kariano had around 19 years old and was a death/black metal fanatic since 7 years. He was finishing high school when he met Rui Capitгo for the very first time in the same school he was attending. Rui Capitгo would became later the first bass player upon the band. They were than in need for a drummer, a vocalist and a solo guitarist to start everything running. During March of 1994, a friend of Karlos Kariano suggested to him to check about two musicians that were leaving a progressive metal band on their area. After some talking, the band was complete since there was a mutual love for many of the newer and older heavy metal bands around between the four of them. Karlos Kariano assumed the position of vocalist/rhythm guitarist; Rui Capitгo became the bass player, Ricardo the solo guitarist and Nelson Agostinho the drummer. The first rehearsals took shape during the beginning of April and Karlos Kariano composed the dreadfully first five songs of the band until August. As a result, tracks like “Dominion of Hate”, “Pleasure of Molestation”, “Ashes of Disgrace”, “Ceremonial Gallery”, and “Sentimental Oblivion” took silhouette comprising the final arrangements made in conformity by every single band member. Without loosing their time, they booked a Studio called Digo Dai about 40 kilometres from their town. There they met Armando Gloria that would become an immense driving force to the band during the upcoming years in terms of recordings. During the month of September, the band recorded their debut demo under the title “Pleasure of Molestation” including the five songs already composed and an extra special intro titled “No Forgiveness” composed in acoustic guitar by Ricardo. We were in October 1994 when the band started to spread their demo around all the underground contacts they had at the time. Before the end of the year, they were able to sell something like 1000 copies of that product that is very hard to find nowadays and considered already as a cult recording. The reactions started to arrive from all around the World being very positive and the band initiated their first live appearances around their hometown while getting extreme good feedback from the very first audiences they were submit. More or less in the end of December, the Portuguese independent label Danger Records offered them, the chance to sign a deal agreement for the future recording of two full-length albums. Since the band was a bit inexperienced at that time, they accepted the offer without judging largely about the proposal. Karlos Kariano starts the composition of some extra tracks for the debut album and slowly rises up with three new tracks beneath “The Burning Picture”, “Under Inhuman Touch” and “Sweet Bloody Vision”. Before the band entered in Studio Ricardo started to enter in conflict with the band possessing many musical divergences causing them to go friendly separate ways. Malevolence started to look for the fine replacement and after some struggling around they found Luis Lacerda for the job around March of 1995. Some hard preparation came along the career of the band for the recording of the debut album around September 1995. Karlos Kariano and Luis Lacerda in mutual consonance composed the archetypal “Erotica”, “My Eyes (Throne of Tears)” while Karlos Kariano made his contribution unaccompanied with the single Malevolence classic “Enchanted Mask”. After some live performances and the final preparations upon the rehearsals, the band entered again in Studio Digo Dai with producer Armando Gloria to record the debut album in the middle of September of 1995. The recording of the album took about three full weeks and in the end of October Malevolence was out of the Studio with all the material prepared for the immediate release of the debut album. November and December were use to make the final preparations for the cover of the album along with Danger Records. The end of 1995 arrived fast and Malevolence was prepared to take the new year of 1996 by storm with all the necessary promotion for the album.<br><br> The debut album and the National recognition (1996 – 1998)<br><br> After some delay from the label, Danger Records the debut album “Dominium” was finally release at the beginning of March 1996. The debut album “Dominium” came along with ten melodramatic songs including the following set list: “Desespero”, “Dominion of Hate”, “The Burning Picture”, “Under Inhuman Touch”, “Enchanted Mask”, “Swallowed in Black”, “My Eyes (Throne of Tears)”, “Sweet Bloody Vision”, “Erotica” and “Ceremonial Gallery”. Malevolence considered this album as the latest melodramatic art fulfilling the band’s first visionary horror soundtrack formations of tenderness & anguish. The album was almost all around the National stores and it was necessary to start the live performance to support the promotion of the new release. In the beginning of April of 1996, the band was invite to open the support slot show in Portugal for the UK based black metal act Cradle of Filth. The band makes a very crushing live performance in front of almost 800 metal maniacs and everything starts rolling. Unable to get the support from the label to organise their first National live intrusion, the band quickly decides to gather one on their own. The final result takes shape in the form of thy “Under Inhuman Tour 1996” organised all around Portugal to give to the band the chance to perform in almost all the biggest Portuguese cities. After many shows in their home Country, the Tour ends around October of 1996. Malevolence comes back to home with lots of negative rejoinder received from many contacts considering the lack of promotional work from the label. The band decides that is about time to make the rescission of the deal agreement while there has been still one full-length record to make for this institution. With all the negative procedures taking place between the label and the band to take separate ways, a negative aura wipe out in the middle of the line-up. The solo guitarist Luis Lacerda leaves the band to precede is high school graduation since the band is not receiving the necessary money to live from it. Malevolence decides to keep the line-up of the band running only with the rhythm skills from Karlos Kariano while they recruit a keyboard player to make the substitution of the departed guitarist. As they were changing the line-up and they knew that Rui eventually also had to leave the band to proceed in the same path as the departed Luis Lacerda, they also found a new bass player in the person of Miguel Fonseca. In November of the same year, with the line-up completely stable, Malevolence was invite to feature an exclusive track upon the CD sampler from the biggest National music magazine. The fruit of that demand became under release in the Promusica December issue reaching 10.000 people in Portugal with the new track “Funeral Sunhine” that is record again in Digo Dai Studios. In December of 1996, Malevolence was vote in the biggest National Radio Show called Hipertensгo in Radio Antena 3 as the fifth best metal band polluting the Portuguese underground metal scene. With this strong position, the band receives many demands from the Portuguese masses to make some extra live performances around Portugal. The recognition and support from the metal resources around Portugal to the band duplicates from day to day and they are invite again in the fall of 1997 to record a new exclusive track for the National Magazine Promusica. At this point, the band already possesses some new compositions from Karlos Kariano under their belts but they decided not to release any of them. Instead of that, they take a song from their debut demo under the title “Ashes of Disgrace” and decide to make a new version out of it giving birth to the new conceptual hymn “From thy Ashes/Messenger of Disgrace”. That single track is release in the November’s Promusica issue and in the December’s Necromance issue from Spain. The recognition from the band slowly rises up outside of the borders of Portugal and Malevolence are invited to perform unto the “Lusitanian Sundown Metal Festival” in Leiria – Portugal and also in the “Repulsive Night Metal Festival” in Madrid – Spain together with the Spanish band Avulsed and the Greek masters Nightfall during the beginning of the upcoming 1998 year. <br><br> Final Transmutations and the International recognition (1998 – 2000) <br><br> January of 1998 is the month where Malevolence is supposed to perform both Festivals but due to internal problems, the band is force to decline the proposals from the two promoters. The situation within the line-up becomes incontrollable since the remaining musicians are not interested in taking some hard efforts to strike for the musical career. Upon one single show in Leiria the drummer stoles all the money from the group and disappears for about two weeks without giving notice to the band. Karlos Kariano puts an end in the situation by stating that is going to leave the band if the drummer is not fire from the Machiavellian legions. No one desires to follow the same path advanced by Karlos Kariano and all the members are keen to accept the drummer-forged excuses for the capital evaporation. During April of 1998, Karlos Kariano decides to leave the band and takes the name with him. After facing a very hard depression, the musician decides to keep the Malevolence’s career alive and seeks for new musicians around his area to integrate the challenging metal combo. Suffering a 90 degrees transmutation in August, Malevolence becomes again fully active with the participation from the solo guitarist Frederico Saraiva, the bass player Aires Pereira, the drummer Gustavo Costa and the keyboardist Paulo Pereira. Karlos Kariano around this time has already composed nine new hymns that he submits to the final arrangements in collaboration with all the new members upon the band from August until October of 1998. In the beginning of November Malevolence receives a proposal from four major labels. The band decides to sign for three full-length albums with the independent Portuguese label Maquiavel Music Entertainment Lda. The end of the year comes fast and Malevolence in perfect consonance with the new label works towards the best chances to overcome with their second full-length effort. In January of 1999, Malevolence travels to Sweden to record in Fredman Studios under the supervision from the notable producer Fredrik Norsdtrom (At The Gates, Arch Enemy, Dark Tranquillity, In Flames, Hammerfall, Opeth…). The band itself makes being there for about two weeks the production while Fredrik Nordstrom accomplishes the final mixing of the whole material recorded in his Studio. Malevolence comes to Portugal with the process of recording, mixing, final production and mastering already done. The album is supposed to be unleashed to the World during April of 1999 and for the very first time in their career, everything fits perfectly between the date given and the date of release from the new label. The second effort from the band comes to the light of the day under the title “Martyrialized” and comprises the tracks: “The Brotherhood of Christ”, “Diabolical Eve (Chronicles of Mother Lusitania)”, “Hunters of the Red Moon”, “Les Salles Obscures de Rose Noire XVIII”, “Thy Extremist Operetta”, “Insubordination”, “A Shinning Onslaught of Tyranny”, “Oceans of Fire” and the title track “Martyrialized”. The first presentation shows took place during the month July of 1999 in some of the biggest and most professional stages from Portugal including a one time presentation in Lisboa (Ritz Club) plus another one in Oporto (Hard Club). Upon the month of August, the band receives a proposal to licence the album in Malaysia and Singapore. A great number of interviews are schedule until the end of the year by the label and the band is forced to decline an offer to make the European Tour support for the American act Immolation during the support of their “Failures for the Gods” album. It is a very hard decision to take for the band but they are more interested in creating a very solid fan base before they decide to enter in their first European Assault. They take the rest of the year to answer about 750 exclusive interviews as well as to support all the promotional campaign settled by the label all around the World. Malevolence is enclosing in dozens of magazine CD samplers all around the World and the strong International recognition starts to take form unto their career. For the very first time the band is able to receive inclusions with interviews in some of the biggest radios & magazines all around the World. The selected features in some magazines like Terrorizer in UK, Legacy in Germany, Hard’N’Heavy in France, Black Light in Spain, Riff in Portugal, Nordic Vision in Norway, Grinder in Chile, Bravewords in Canada (to name just a few) give the band the necessary support to convince the World about their brave musical capacities. The “Martyrialized” album convinces the media all around the World and receives some number one position in some radio charts and poll winners from a good number of Magazines. The diabolical passages & Machiavellian literature of Malevolence breaks all the realms & unstoppable barriers. The band is finally able to break the rules of morality by twisting/contorting the metal masses all around the World in the end of 1999. <br><br> The innovative Machiavellian millennium (2000 -2001)<br><br> In the beginning of 2000, Malevolence receives the unpredictable sales figures of more than 11000 copies sold all around the World while the album still is in great demand. The pressure from the masses to see the band live surpasses all the expectations and March of 2000 sees the band supporting the Polish act Behemoth upon the I Chaos Millennium Festival in Portugal. In April, the band travels to the North of Portugal to support the Hollandaise act Sinister. In May, the band receives an offer for a licensing deal to release the album in Norway in the picture disc version. During the following months, the band takes some extra time to finish the promotion for the new album and answers the latest interviews for the exposure of the work composed and presented in “Martyrialized” release about one year before. The month of October of 2001 is the chosen epoch to start all the necessary works of conception and composition for the third metal hybrid assault of Malevolence. For the very first time in their career, the members from an album will record the next work meaning that the line-up will be preserved and unbroken from external intrusions. Karlos Kariano advances that the band is facing a very dynamic aeon based in a physically powerful & friendly attitude between all the members. For the very first moment in time, the members are contributing for the upcoming creation of the new metal hybrid compositions. From this day-forward nothing gone be the same…</p>

Автор: Yermola

### 12.05.2002 news MALEVOLENCE HARD AT WORK ON NEW ALBUM....

<p>The Portuguese extreme metal blasters Malevolence are currently hard at work in the pre-production of some new tracks for their yet untitled upcoming third album. The production of those tracks is being done at the band's own studio. We have already some new track titles directly from the band to present to you and here they go in point of fact as: "Angel Deconstruction", "Disobedience" and "Flesh Destroyer". Expect more news about these pre-production developments from their side in the meanwhile.</p>

Автор: Yermola

### 07.10.2002 news MALEVOLENCE UNLEASHING THE 666 ...

<p>666 - The number of the metal beast! 666 – The first official web site of the malevolent beast! Under this moniker Malevolence is actually working out web solutions with professional designer Hernani Francisco to overcome with their first ever-official web site on the net. The site will include up-to-the-minute news on the developing of their eagerly much anticipated 3rd album as well as accurate information about the band you cannot find anywhere else. The site appears as a concrete web solution after massive demanding of many fans from all over the world. You should expect anything short of amazing from these metal beasts. Prepare your soul to worship the 666 – The number of the malevolent beast!</p>

Автор: Yermola

### 07.10.2002 news THE BURDEN OF DISEASED ANGELS ...

<p>Carlos Cariano (vocals/guitarist) of Portuguese metal blasters Malevolence is actually contributing with his terrorising skills to overcome with extreme lyrical content and vocals on the Portuguese industrial metal project Angel. Tracks such as Colonize and We Work The Bloody Work are just 2 of the songs set to appear on the next studio recording of this awesome project. Joaquim Aires (ex-Sacred Sin - ex-Disaffected), is the mentor of this project that has already release a studio work back on year 2000 including the participation of Fernando Ribeiro of Moonspell. Expect a few more developments on this project.</p>

Автор: Yermola

### 06.03.2003 news APOCALYPSE CONJURING UPON DEAD CITY CENTERS...

<p>Malevolence proudly announces that they have been doing auditions for a new drummer to replace their session musician Gustavo Costa. For the whole world they now unleash the unknown name of Joel Silva for that replacing job. Joel Silva has been rehearsing already full time with the band since the beginning of November 2002. As a result of this new member inclusion the sound of the band became more brutal and heavy orientated. Expect a tonal blasting hell coming upon your way when Malevolence unleashes their much-anticipated 3rd full-length release at the beginning of the year 2004.</p>

Автор: Yermola

### 09.07.2003 news THE MALEVOLENT CULT REPORT...

<p>Malevolence has completed works upon the first part of their pre-production material for their long awaited 3rd full-length effort. Titles such as: |Devoured Unlimited|, |The Strength Of The Dead Men|, |Slithering Angels|, |Mechanisms Of Destruction| and |Disobedience| are all ready and prepared for recording on the beginning of 2004. The band is currently in direct contact with Pierre Remillard (Kataklysm, Krisiun, Malevolent Creation, Gorguts, Obliveon) and according to the band there’s a mammoth prospect Pierre will work with them both as sound engineer and producer upon the recording procedures for their new album. Works on the 2nd half part of the pre-production will start soon!<BR><BR> Aires Pereira the original bass player of Malevolence since the beginning of 1998 is now the new session bass player member taking care of all the bass duties on the forthcoming live shows of Moonspell. From all the auditions made to get the work, it looks like the Malevolence man gathered all the professional skills and challenging conditions to walk on stage with Moonspell. Extreme good luck to him in all levels! Make sure that his contribution to Moonspell will not affect the final composition and upcoming recording of the 3rd album of Malevolence. After all, his essence is craved upon the malevolent demonic figures for good! <BR><BR> Malevolence has amicably parted ways with guitarist Frederico. Frederico was a member of Malevolence since 1998 and recorded with the band the most successful work of their career so far under the title |Martyrialized|. Carlos Cariano stated recently: “Fred is that kind of person no matter where he is, he makes mammoth friends all over the place! The same happened with us and we are all blood brothers since day one. But as life is an ever-changing highway, we have come to a time when we all think going separate ways, is the best to pursuit our individual chances on the music industry! Respect to him and the best of luck with all his upcoming endeavors!” Frederico will make the upcoming scheduled shows with the band and will furthermore contribute with ideas to the upcoming record as stated by the band. <BR><BR> Malevolence is currently making auditions for the substitution of Frederico and all the interested ones can send an application directly to the band using: malevolence@maquiavelmusic.com</p>

Автор: Yermola


## Обсуждения


## Упоминания

### Лучший brutaldeath/goregrind?

мясоголовый 10.12.2003 02:58:
в последнее время неимоверно радуют след. альбомы:<BR><BR>SCRAMBLED DEFUNCTS - 2001 - Pre-natal whittling<BR>Devourment - 2000 - 1.3.8<BR>Immolation - 2002 - Unholy Cult<BR>Dying Fetus - 2000 - Infatuation With Malevolence<BR>Deeds of Flesh - 2003 - Reduced to Ashes<BR>Suffocation - 1991 - Effigy Of The Forgotten<BR>Suffocation 1995 - Pierced From Within<BR>Suffocation 1998 - Despise the Sun (EP)<BR>Scrambled Defuncts - 1998 - Catacomb Abattoir<BR>Necrophagist 2000 - Onset Of Putrefaction<BR>Morbid Angel 1995 - Domination<BR>Cannibal Corpse - 2002 - Gore Obsessed<BR>Dies Irae - 2000 - Immolated<BR>Disgorge (US) 2000 - She Lay Gutted<BR>Dying Fetus 2000 - Destroy the Opposition<BR>все Deicide<BR>Pessimist 1999 - Blood For The Gods<BR>и ещё какое-то зверское мясо... Далеко не всё, ессьно, претендует на  brutaldeath/goregrind, но, тем не менее...<BR><BR>слушаю просто по циклу... <BR>под это дело ъхорошо расслабляет мёдовая перцовка.

### Ищу нижеперечисленные банды:

Cherem1 10.12.2003 20:50:
Собственно, список:<BR><BR>SAPROGENIC<BR>OPHIOLATRY (BRAZIL)<BR>NEPHASTH (BRAZIL)<BR>CEPHALIC (GERMANY)<BR>EXTOL (NORWAY)<BR>ABOMINANT<BR>LUNATIC GODS 2001 The Wilderness<BR>PSYCROPTIC 2001 The Isle Of Disenchantment<BR>QUO VADIS (POLAND)<BR>THE UNCHALLENGED (GERMANY)<BR>ABUSE (CANADA)<BR>PROFANITY (GERMANY)<BR>NECROPHILISM<BR>VILESTENCH<BR>CHRONZON<BR>HATE<BR>GRIEVANCE<BR>MIDVINTER<BR>DISGORGE (HOLLAND) 2001 Gorge This<BR>Shadow Dances – 1997EP – Burning Shadow <BR>Nattvidens Grat – 1996 – A Bards Tale <BR>Dormanth – 1995 – Valley Of Dreams <BR>Visceral Evisceration – 1994 – Incessant Desire For... <BR>Earthcorpse – 1996 – Born Bleeding <BR>Pantheist – 2003 – O Solitude <BR>Mourning Beloveth <BR>The Blood Divine – 1996 – Awaken <BR>As Diving Grace – 1996EP – Romantic Beatitude Of Traded Dawn <BR>Dominion – 1996 – Interface <BR>Inhuman – 1996 – Strange Desire <BR>Absurd Existence – 1996 – Angelwings <BR>Eternal Oath – 1996EP – So Silent <BR>Eternal Sadness – 1997 – Elation <BR>Postmortem – 1997EP – Der Totmacher <BR>Malevolence – 1996 – Forms Of Human Domination <BR>Dissolving Of Prodigy – 1996 – Lamentations Of Innocence <BR>Warcollapse – 1995EP – Crust As Fuck Existence <BR>Bulldozer<BR>Phlebotomized – 1994 – Immense Intense Suspense <BR>Phlebotomized – 1993EP – Preach Eternal Gospels <BR>Xysma<BR>Pakeni – 1996EP – Detergent Bubble Bath (и более позднее) <BR>Perpetua – 1996 – Irrational <BR>Protest – 1996 – What For Name, When Humanity Is Dying <BR>Alchemist – 1995 – Lunasphere <BR>Alchemist – 1998EP – Eve Of The War <BR>Daemon – 1996 – Seven Deadly Sins <BR>Delamorte<BR><BR>В формате MP3 (192-320) или на CD-DA.<BR>Если у кого есть, могу обменять на кучу музла ! Сообщения оставляйте здесь, но лучше на мыло: <BR><BR>metalcher@narod.ru .

### Продаю (death black (and others)metal)CD'LP'T-shirts and more......Также под заказ

COYOTE 20.01.2004 03:33:
Навье<BR>8-903-163-82-14<BR>Дима<BR><BR>IMPALED NAZARENE/BEHERIT “Aday of Darkness”<BR>ABIGOR - Apokalypse<BR>ABIGOR - Channeling...<BR>ABIGOR - Nachthymnen (From the Twilight Kingdom)<BR>ABIGOR - Opus IV<BR>ABIGOR - Verwustung/Invoke the Dark Age<BR>ABORTION - Murdered Culture<BR>ANAL BLAST - Vaginal Vempire<BR>DARK FORTRESS - Dark Fortress<BR>DARKTHRONE - Plagueweilder<BR>DYING FETUS - Infatuation with Malevolence<BR>DYSPHORIA - Hope Without Reason<BR>ENSLAVED Blod Hemn<BR>IMMORTAL - Pure Holocaust<BR>INCANTATION - Mortal Throne of Nazarene<BR>INGROWING - Cyberspace<BR>LOBOTOMY - Against the Gods<BR>LULLABY - My Master Lucifer

### Новый Dying Fetus "Stop At Nothing"

Dark Martyr 11.05.2004 18:51:
У меня Dying Fetus все-таки ассоциируется исключительно с brutal death metal. Да, есть примесь хардкора, грайнда, но в общих чертах это самый настоящий, сочный и колбасный дэт. Про грайндовые текста - вообще не въезжаю. Назовите мне хоть какие-нибудь стандарты лирики в грайндкоре. Одни про кровь, другие медициной промышляют, третьи про порнуху, четвертые поддерживают панков. Ничего общего здесь не вижу, кроме, разве что, антиобщественности этих идеологии.<BR><BR>По сабжу. Dying Fetus - одни из моих фаворитов в брутальной музыке. Наряду с Deranged, им здорово удается совместить брутальность с "колбасней". Я обожаю такую штуку. Еще с тех времен, когда впервые услыхал Napalm Death "Fear, Emptiness, Despair" (1994). Не счеть тех раз, сколько я его слушал. А на отсутствие разнообразия и техничности положить - не в этом фишка.<BR><BR>Так что насчет первых двух опусов сабжевой банды "Infatuation With Malevolence" (1995) и "Purification Through Violence" (1996)? Достойны ли они внимания или нет?<BR><BR>...<BR><BR>Да и еще. Кто-нибудь слышал Necrophagist? У меня в mp3 их альбом "Onset And Putrefaction" (2000). Неплохая вещь. Косят как раз под Dying Fetus, но все же этот стиль играть им удается намного хуже.

### Отдам в добрые руки

bronco 16.01.2005 16:25:
Отдам в добрые руки за скромное вознаграждение некоторое кол-во следующего добра (пожалуйста, не убирайте сообщение сразу!):<BR><BR>1. Пиратские AudioCD в боксиках с полиграфией front+back:<BR><BR>a) ANATHEMA - The Silent Enigma (1995)<BR>b) CANNIBAL CORPSE - The Bleeding (1994)<BR>c) CARCASS - Reek Of Putrefaction (1988)<BR>d) CEMETARY - Last Confessions (1997)<BR>e) DIMMU BORGIR - Enthrone Darkness Triumphant (1997)<BR>f) EXTREME NOISE TERROR - Damage 381 (1997)<BR>g) MY DYING BRIDE - Trinity (1994)<BR>h) OBITUARY - Cause Of Death (1990)<BR>i) PARADISE LOST - Icon (1993)<BR>j) THERION - Symphony Masses Ho Drakon Ho Megas (1993)<BR>k) TIAMAT - The Astral Sleep (1991)<BR><BR><BR>2. Первые копии с Original AudioCD (без полиграфии - качественные сканы front+back записаны в виде plus-сессии в AudioCD) в бум.конвертах:<BR><BR>a) AHUMADO GRANUJO & UTOPIA - Split CD (2002)<BR>b) COCK AND BALL TORTURE - Opus(sy) VI (2000)<BR>c) DYING FETUS - Infatuation With Malevolence (1994)<BR>d) DYING FETUS - Purification Through Violence (1996)<BR>e) HAEMORRHAGE - Grume (1997)<BR>f) IMPETIGO'2000 - Buio Omega(+bonus tracks) + MEAT SHITS'1993 - Sexual Abuse 7"(Vinyl Rip) + PURULENT SPERMCANAL'1998 - Sperman<BR>g) LAST DAYS OF HUMANITY - The Sound Of Rancid Juices Sloshing Around Your Coffin (1998)<BR>h) LAST DAYS OF HUMANITY - Hymns Of Indigestible Suppuration (1999)<BR>i) MEAT SHITS - Ecstasy Of Death (1993)<BR>j) MUCUPURULENT - Horny Like Hell (+hidden track) (1999)<BR>k) PURULENT EXCRETOR - Sex, Beer And Grindcore! (2002)<BR>l) PURULENT SPERMCANAL - Puaka Balava (1997)<BR>m) PURULENT SPERMCANAL - Legalize For Cannibalizm (1998)<BR>n) PURULENT SPERMCANAL - We Pity We Didn't Kill You All (1999)<BR>o) PYOGENESIS - Twinaleblood (1995)<BR>p) PYOGENESIS - Sweet X-Rated Nothings+Waves of Erotasia+Bonus Tracks (1995)<BR>q) TRIBUTE TO IMPETIGO - Wizards Of Gore (2000)<BR><BR>Могу выслать по почте (наложенным платежом) и сделать скидку при заказе нескольких CD. Заинтересовавшимся желательно писать на мыло grindlover@yandex.ru

### Распродаю свою коллекцию хоррора на DVD

Kai Mathias Stalhammar 18.09.2006 18:59:
Другой мир 2: Эволюция (Underworld: Evolution)	ужасы / action	США		пиратский<BR>Душелов (Soul searcher)	ужасы / action / fantasy	Великобритания		пиратский<BR>Женщина без лица a.k.a. Травмированный (Scarred)	слэшер	США		сборник<BR>Жестокий мир (Cruel world)	ужасы / слэшер	США		сборник<BR>Жесть	ужасы / драма / триллер	Россия		пиратский<BR>Живодёр (Camp slaughter)	слэшер / трэш	Швеция		4в1<BR>Жребий Салема (Salem's lot) 2004 Стивен Кинг	ужасы	США		пиратский<BR>Жуки (They crawl!)	ужасы / триллер / action	США		пиратский<BR>Загадка (Aenigma) Лючио Фульчи	ужасы / мистика	Италия / Югославия		болванка R5<BR>Займ	трэш	Россия		болванка без полигр.<BR>Заклятие смерти (Bunshinsaba)	мистика	Южная Корея		сборник<BR>За стеною сна (Beyond the wall of sleep) Лавкрафт	ужасы	США		пиратский<BR>Затмение (The darkling)	мистика	США		лицензия (стекло)<BR>Зверь с холодной кровью (La bestia uccide a sangue freddo / Asylum erotica)	слэшер / giallo / порно	Италия		болванка R1<BR>Звонок 2 (The ring 2) США	мистика	США		сборник<BR>Зелёный ад (The green inferno)	приключения / ужасы	Италия		2в1<BR>Злоумышленник (Malevolence)	слэшер	США		сборник<BR>Змеиный полёт (Snakes on a plane)	ужасы / триллер / action	США		пиратский<BR>Зодиак (The zodiac) 2005, А.Бакли	триллер / драма / ужасы / детектив	США		сборник<BR>Зодчий теней (Shadow builder)	ужасы	США / Канада		сборник<BR>Зубатка (Razorteeth)	ужасы / трэш	США		сборник<BR>Зубная фея (The tooth fairy)	ужасы	США		сборник<BR>Игра в прятки (Hide and seek)	триллер / ужасы	США		сборник<BR>Игры призраков (Ghost game)	ужасы	США		сборник

### Распродаю свою коллекцию хоррора на DVD

Kai Mathias Stalhammar 24.10.2006 14:51:
Другой мир 2: Эволюция (Underworld: Evolution) ужасы / action США пиратский<BR>Женщина без лица a.k.a. Травмированный (Scarred) слэшер США сборник<BR>Жестокий мир (Cruel world) ужасы / слэшер США сборник<BR>Жесть ужасы / драма / триллер Россия пиратский<BR>Жуки (They crawl!) ужасы / триллер / action США пиратский<BR>Загадка (Aenigma) Лючио Фульчи ужасы / мистика Италия / Югославия болванка R5<BR>Займ трэш Россия болванка без полигр.<BR>Заклятие смерти (Bunshinsaba) мистика Южная Корея сборник<BR>Затмение (The darkling) мистика США лицензия (стекло)<BR>Звонок 2 (The ring 2) США мистика США сборник<BR>Зелёный ад (The green inferno) приключения / ужасы Италия 2в1<BR>Злоумышленник (Malevolence) слэшер США сборник<BR>Змеиный полёт (Snakes on a plane) ужасы / триллер / action США пиратский<BR>Зодиак (The zodiac) 2005, А.Бакли триллер / драма / ужасы / детектив США сборник<BR>Зубатка (Razorteeth) ужасы / трэш США сборник<BR>Игра в прятки (Hide and seek) триллер / ужасы США сборник<BR>Игры призраков (Ghost game) ужасы США сборник <BR>Изгоняющий дьвола. Начало (The exorcist. The beginning) мистика США пиратский<BR>Изгоняющий дьвола. Приквел Пола Шредера (The exorcist. Dominion) мистика / драма США сборник<BR>Изгоняя дьявола из Эмили Роуз (The exorcism of Emily Rose) мистика / драма США сборник<BR>Иногда они возвращаются снова и снова(Sometimes they come back for more) ужасы США пиратский<BR>Искусство дьявола 2 (Long khong / Art of the devil 2) ужасы / слэшер Таиланд пиратский<BR>И у холмов есть глаза (The hills have eyes) 2006 ужасы США / Франция пиратский (экранка)<BR>Калифорнийский палач (Axe a.k.a. Greed) ужасы / action США пиратский<BR>Клоуны-убийцы из далёкого космоса (Killer klowns from outer space) ужасы / комедия / трэш США болванка R5<BR>Когда звонит незнакомец (When a stranger calls) 2005 триллер / ужасы США пиратский<BR>Комната 6 (Room 6) ужасы / мистика США сборник<BR>Константин (Constantine) ужасы / action / комиксы США сборник<BR>Красный глаз (Redeu-ai) ужасы / мистика Южная Корея сборник<BR>Крик: Последняя глава (Final stab) Дэвид ДеКото слэшер США лицензия (регион.)<BR>Крикун (Shrieker) Дэвид ДеКото ужасы / слэшер США лицензия (регион.)<BR>Кровавое поместье "Восход" (Slaughterhouse of the rising sun) ужасы / слэшер США пиратский<BR>Кровавое шоу (Reality check) триллер / слэшер США сборник<BR>Кровавый дождь (Hyeol-ui nu) ужасы / мистика Южная Корея сборник<BR>Кровавый реликт (Blood relic) слэшер США / Дания пиратский<BR>Кукловод (Inhyeongsa) мистика / драма Южная Корея 4в1<BR>Левиафан (Leviathan) ужасы США болванка R5<BR>Легенда о Люси Кейз (The legend of Lucy Keyes) мистика / драма США пиратский<BR>Ледяные чудовища (Ice crawlers) ужасы Германия / США лицензия (стекло)<BR>Лесное зло (Woods of evil) слэшер / трэш США пиратский<BR>Лифт / 2006, В.Плоткин триллер / ужасы Россия пиратский (экранка)<BR>Лицо (Face) ужасы Южная Корея сборник<BR>Ловец снов (Dreamcatcher) Стивен Кинг ужасы / фантастика США сборник<BR>Ловушка призраков (Spirit trap) мистика Великобритания пиратский<BR>Люди под лестницей (The people under the stairs) ужасы США сборник<BR>Между мирами (El intermedio) ужасы США пиратский<BR>Мёртвая зона (Dead zone) Стивен Кинг мистика / драма США сборник<BR>

### Фирменные диски от MUSICA Prod

Vit Belov 29.04.2008 20:33:
Ritual Carnage	I, Infidel	Osmose	Thrash-death	350 руб<BR>Ruins Of Beverast	Rain Upon The Umpure	Self-prod	Suicidal True-black	300 руб<BR>Paradise In Flames	Homo Morbus Est	MDR Records	Sympho-black	300 руб<BR>F.K.U.	Metal Moshing Mad	Razorback	Thrash-speed-hardcore	300 руб<BR>Ezurate	Infernal Dominatio	Rotting Corpse	Black-metal	300 руб<BR>Ebonmortis	Reconstruction By Force	Rotting Corpse	Death-black-metal	300 руб<BR>Sad	A Curse in Disguise	Regimental	Black-doom	300 руб<BR>Shiranui	Crime & Cross	Self-prod	Японский Royal Hunt с женским вокалом:)	300 руб<BR>Psychomancer	Butchered  	Rotting Corpse	Death-metal	300 руб<BR>Poolside At The Flamingo	This Will End Badly	Epitomite	Grindcore	300 руб<BR>Pukelization	Storm Of Resurrection	Obliteration	Death-grind	300 руб<BR>Steel Prophet	Genesis	Nuclear Blast	Heavy-metal	350 руб<BR>Dreamtone	Sojourn 	EMI	Gothic-rock	350 руб<BR>Dream Theater	Master Of Puppets	Ytsejam	Progressive	350 руб<BR>Dream Theater	The Number Of The Beast	Ytsejam	Progressive	350 руб<BR>Dream Theater	The Majesty Demos	Ytsejam	Progressive	350 руб<BR>Incendiant	Incendiant	Jordan River	Death-metal	300 руб<BR>Manufacturer's Pride	Faustian Evangelion	Off records	Melodic Thrash-death	350 руб<BR>Moonfog	Cadaveric Changes	Ukragh	Death-metal	300 руб<BR>Nastrandir	Zwischen Horizonten	Twilight	Pagan-black	350 руб<BR>Fimbul	Ramnens Ferd	CD Prod	Black-metal	300 руб<BR>Gotham 0.0	Monochromatic	Off records	Finnish Gothic-metal	350 руб<BR>Imperious Malevolence	Where Demons Dwell	Evilhorde	Death-metal	300 руб<BR>Vardan	Hidden In A Tomb	Folter	Black-metal	300 руб<BR>Veldraveth	Undefined God	Sacro	Black-metal	300 руб<BR>Panychida	Paganized	Folter	Pagan-black	300 руб<BR>Ordeal	Atrocities	Shiver Records	Death-metal	300 руб<BR>Needful Things	Dead Point	Khaaranus	Grindcore	300 руб<BR>Senate	The Great Northern Scenekill	Self-prod	Techno death-metal	300 руб<BR>Sea Of Dreams	Land Of Flames	Self-prod	Progressive	300 руб<BR>Serenade Of Darkness	Storms	Self-prod	Black-doom	300 руб<BR>Shining	V Halmstad	Osmose	Black-metal	400 руб<BR>Chaotic Hope	Graveyard Of Human Spirit	Funeral Disorder	Sympho-black	300 руб<BR>Unlight	Eldest Born Of Hell	Heavy Horses	Black-metal	300 руб<BR>Todtgelichter	Schemen	Folter	Black-metal	300 руб<BR>Smouldering In Forgotten	Legions Into Black Flames	Old Cemetery	Black-metal	300 руб<BR>Sodom	Satans Conjuration	Death valley 69	Raritetes and Live	300 руб<BR>Stream Of passion	Embrace the Storm	Note garden	Gothic-metal (A lucassen)	350 руб<BR>Suhrim	The Cunt Collector	Shiver Records	Death-metal	300 руб<BR>Psychotic Eyes	Psychotic Eyes	Self-prod	Melodic death-metal	300 руб<BR>

### Shit for sale Autumn 2008

ixtiandr 10.10.2008 13:56:
Ну вот и собрал :) На этот раз я немного изменил систему. Сначала идут позиции, которые являются новыми в списке, чтобы облегчить жизнь тем, кто у меня периодически что-то приобретает. А далее уже идут старые позиции (на кое-что цены снижены). Для "новых" позиций я, как уже говорил в соответствующем топике, установил новую цену на лицензию, ибо все давно барыжат, а я уже который месяц цен не поднимаю. Так что без обид. На прежние позиции, естессна, я цен не поднимал.<BR><BR>Отписывайтесь сюда или на мыло: ixtiandr(at)mail(dot)ru. Встречи желательны на следующей неделе, ну договоримся. Поехххали. Постингов будет несколько, так что терпение, друзья мои.<BR><BR>Новинки:<BR><BR>(все диски в состоянии не хуже excellent, если не указано другое)<BR><BR>brutal<BR><BR>Blood – Impulse To Destroy (CDM) 70 (мелкие царапины)<BR>Blood – Mental Conflicts (CDM) 70 (мелкие царапины)<BR>Blood Duster – Cunt (Relapse, 2001 not reissue!) (мелкая царапина) 250<BR>Brutal Truth – Goodbye Cruel World! (Relapse) 2CD 300 (пара мелких царапин)<BR>Cannibal Corpse – The Bleeding (Metal Blade, 1994 not a reissue, made in England) 250<BR>Dying Fetus – Killing On Adrenaline (CDM) 80 (пара мелких царапин)<BR>Dying Fetus – Destroy The Opposition (пир) 40 (мелкие царапины)<BR>Dying Fetus – Infaturtion With Malevolence (CDR с полиграфией, без коробки) free<BR>Fleshcrawl – Impurity (CDR с полиграфией, без коробки) free<BR>Immolation – Unholy Cult (CDM) 70 (мелкие царапины)<BR>Krabathor – Orthodox (CDM) 80 (пара мелких царапин)<BR>Morta Skuld – Re-Surface... The Best Of Morta Skuld (S) 100<BR>Mortician – Domain Of Death (Relapse, 2001 not reissue!) 270<BR>Six Feet Under – Warpath (пир) 50<BR>Solstice – s/t (S) 100<BR>The Dead Youth – Intense Brutality (Grind Core / Red Light) 70 (много мелких царапин)<BR><BR>-----------<BR>Russian attack<BR><BR>Agarta – Under The Same Sky (Starless) 70<BR>Altera Forma and Alina Vituhnovskaya – s/t (S) 70 (небольшие царапины)<BR>Black Countess – Королева зима (S) 80<BR>Forgive-Me-Not – Tearfall (2005 reissue) (S) 100<BR>Forgive-Me-Not – Suicide Сервис (I) 100<BR>Great Sorrow – I Hope 100<BR>Lethargia – The Kingdom Of Unrealizable Hopes 80<BR>Miscreant – Oppressive 50 (небольшие царапины)<BR>Non Immemor Mei – Реквием опавших листьев 80<BR>Posthumous Blasphemer – Putrespremfaction vs. Fertiholyzation 100<BR>Rakoth – Jabberworks (I) 70 (небольшие царапины)<BR>Shadow Host – Curse Of The Angeleye (CDM) 80<BR>Shitfun – Diarrhoea Blessings 100<BR>X-Religion – Dances On Gobelins (Starless) 70<BR>v/a – Golden Ballads & Instrumentals – Immortal Dansing Hits 100<BR>Баба Yaga – Куда ты пойдешь? 100 digi<BR>Ва-Банкъ – Антилогия (Вол. I) 100<BR>Ва-Банкъ – Выпей за меня! 100<BR>Водопад им. В. Кикабидзе – Отвечаем на письма 100<BR>Водопад им. В. Кикабидзе – Панк-съезд 100<BR>Водопад им. В. Кикабидзе – Музыкальный ринг – Водопад – Ласковый Май 170 2CD<BR>ДК – Десятый молодежный альбом 50<BR>Ё – Половина лица 50<BR>Кома – Осколок звезды (CDM) 80<BR>Кома – Awakening Of Wax Figures 80<BR>Красная Плесень – Спящая красавица ч. 1 (панк-триллер) 100<BR>Красная Плесень – s/t 100<BR>Крематорий – Три источника 80<BR>Океан Ельзи – Gloria 50<BR>Профессор Лебединский – Смеяться или плакать? digi 120<BR>Северо-Восток – Вниз по реке (S) 100<BR>Сектор Газа – Колхозный панк 50<BR>Уши ван Гога – Бравшие Мудандзян (S) 70 (небольшие царапины)<BR>Хуй Забей – Была бы жизнь 200 digi<BR>v/a – Песни для Тани М. (мирСказак) 100<BR>v/a – Coronach – Compilation-2: Tunes Of Dusk 100<BR>v/a – Учитесь плавать: урок первый 100<BR>v/a – Учитесь плавать: урок второй 100<BR>v/a – Учитесь плавать: урок третий 100<BR>v/a – Учитесь плавать: урок четвертый 100<BR>---<BR>thrash, power & heavy bombs<BR><BR>Sepultura – Roots (пир с буклетом) 50<BR>Slayer – Show No Mercy (F) 80 (пара мелких царапин)<BR>Slayer – Hell Awaits (F) 100<BR>Slayer – Divine Intervention (American Recordings) 250<BR>Slayer – Christ Illusion (пир с буклетом) 50<BR>

