# Insane Assholes

Дискография
"Grindzilla" 2007, Grindcore

## Отношения с другими группами


## Обсуждения


## Упоминания

### NIHILISTIC HOLOCAUST Webzine Update!

Gabbhar 24.07.2004 20:28:
Hello!<BR>NIHILISTIC HOLOCAUST was updated with 43 review!<BR> <BR>LIVE REPORT:  SUFFOCATION, DISGORGE, DEMENTOR, INSISION                       28/06/04 Locomotive - Paris<BR> <BR>FORGOTTEN CHAPEL Zine #4.<BR> <BR><BR>ARMAGEDDA (Swe) Only true believers CD'03.<BR>AUDIOPAIN (Nor) The traumatizer MCD'04. <BR>BUNDER NEKROMUNDA (Pol) Songs of filth and deviation Demo'03.<BR>CAPHARNAUM (Can) Fractured CD’04. <BR>CARMINA (Fra) Demo 2004.<BR>CHAMBER OF SHRED (Spa) Epitome MCD'02. <BR>CONTORTED (Usa) Aftermath Demo’03.<BR>CRETIN (Usa) Extreme cretanic grindcore Demo'03.<BR>DECOHERENCE (Fra) Demo 2004.<BR>DEFILER (Gre) Expiation in filth Demo’04.<BR>DEVIANT SURGEONS (Fra) The global mass grave Demo'04.<BR>DISCIPLES OF MOCKERY (Usa) Prelude to apocalypse CD'04.<BR>DISCONFORMITY (Jap) Penetrated Unseen Supression Demo'04.<BR>DVORHEAD (Fra) Dvorhead Demo'03.<BR>HELLACAUST (Can) Dark age descending CD’02. <BR>INSANE ASSHOLES (Ita)/ GRUNTER SCREAMS (Ita) Split CD’04.<BR>JACK SLATER (Ger) Metzgore CD'04.<BR>LЬGER (Fra) Kill, worship, die Demo tape 2004.<BR>LЬGER (Fra)/ ISTIDRAJ (Singapore) Split tape 2004.<BR>MANTICORE (Usa) Bowels of the holy anoint us in evil CD'03. <BR>MOCKERY (Spa) ...On the slab CD'03. <BR>NAKED WHIPPER (Ger) Naked whipper Ep’93. <BR>NECROCIDE (Swe) Declaration of Gore Demo'04.<BR>NECROCUNT (Swe) Black lust Demo'04.<BR>NECROVATION (Swe) Ovations to putrefaction Demo tape 2004.<BR>NYOGTHAEBLISZ (??) Progenitors of mankind's annihilation Demo’03.<BR>OPPRESSION (Swe) Left to perish Demo'04.<BR>PERVERSE SOULS (Fra) Corpus christi Demo'03.<BR>RELENTLESS (Swe) Experiment in excrements Demo tape 2001. <BR>RESECTION (Ger) Shroud of ashes Demo'04.<BR>SARDONIC IMPIOUS (Bra) Flames In Darkness Demo’03.<BR>SCALPLOCK (Uk)/ SHORT HATE TEMPER (Usa) Split Ep’99. <BR>SHADOWBUILDER (Swe) Bone ritual Demo’03.<BR>SLAUGHTER THOU (Australia) DePsyche Demo'01.<BR>SLUGATHOR (Fin) Unleashing the slugathron Tape Lp'03.<BR>THE FRENCH UNDERGROUND SERIES Sampler CD'04.<BR>TRASHNASTY (Fra) In livid duality Demo'02.<BR>TRAUMASPHERE (Fra) Voidcall  Demo'01.<BR>TREPALIUM (Fra) Pain's threshold Demo'03.<BR>VACARME (Fra) Feast of the cannibals Demo'04.<BR>VAGINAL PURULENCE (Fra) Demo 2003. <BR> <BR><A HREF="http://www.nihilistic.ca.tc" TARGET="_blank">http://www.nihilistic.ca.tc</A><BR> <BR>Bye!<BR>Gab

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Non Serviam 23.05.2009 22:59:
gotham o.d - my day of reckoning (cds) - 2007<BR>gothmog - a step in the dark - 2009<BR>gotthard - anytime anywhere (digi-ep) - 2005<BR>grenouer - border of misty times - 1996<BR>grenouer - presence with war - 2004<BR>grenouer - try - 2007<BR>grey daturas - dead in the woods (digisleeve) - 2007<BR>grim funeral/spectre - a grim funeral for humanity / coldness in the howl - 2004<BR>grimfaug - blood upon the face of creation - 2004<BR>ground control - insanity - 2006<BR>gruntsplatter - chronicling the famine (digi) - 2003<BR>haemophagia - from sickness to cult - 2007<BR>hand to hand - a perfect way to say goodbye - 2005<BR>handful of hate - vicecrown - 2003<BR>harkonen//these arms are snakes - like a virgin (split-ep) - 2004<BR>hatestorm - filth purity - 2009<BR>hatework - the actual worst has come - 2007<BR>head control system - murder nature* - 2006<BR>heavenlust - gate of endless dreams (digi) - 2008<BR>hedon cries - hate into grief - 2002<BR>heiden - tinne - 2005<BR>hellacaust - inevitable dementia - 2006<BR>hell-born - hellblast - 2001<BR>hellbound/amestigon - fatal illumination / nebelung, 1384 (split-cd) - 2002<BR>heresy of thieves - the code - 2006<BR>the heretic - gospel songs in e minor - 2005<BR>hermh - after the fire - ashes - 2008<BR>hermh - eden`s fire (digi) - 2006<BR>hesperus dimension - mental electriucity mmvii (slipcase-mcd) - 2007<BR>hesperus dimension - the cyclothymic panopticon (digi-mcd) - 2008<BR>hetzer - the rise of abaddon - 2007<BR>hit the lights - this is a stick up... don't make it a murder - 2006/2007<BR>hollow haze - hollow haze - 2006<BR>homicide - dale of lost souls - 2004<BR>the horn - dawning of an ancient sun - 2007<BR>horrid - rising from the hidden spheres - 2006<BR>hostal handshake - hellish (digi) - 2007<BR>hourglass sands of eternity - journey to infinity - 2002<BR>hybrid - the will to create - 2007<BR>hyperborean desire - ...v kruhu veskerensva... - 2006<BR>ignis fatuus - slowiaсska trwoga wiecznych - 2008<BR>in league with satan - in league with satan - 2008<BR>inanna unveiled - inanna unveiled (digi) - 1998<BR>incarnated - some old stories - 2007<BR>infantry vs. pyrotoxic - thrash clash volume 4 - 2008<BR>inferis - in the path of malignant spirits (digisleeve) - 2007<BR>infernal vengeance - dual mayhem - 2006<BR>infidel - bloody horns of wrath (cardboard box) - 2008<BR>infinitum - behold eradication - 2008<BR>infravision - this epileptic serenity - 2008<BR>inhuman hate - merciless misanthropic - 2008<BR>innerless skin on a water - skin on a water (dvd-case) - 2007<BR>inquested - the red chambers - 2008<BR>insane assholes - grindzilla - 2006<BR>insense - insense - 2002<BR>it dies today - the caitiff choir - 2005<BR>jimi hendrix - introspective (re-issue) - 1968/1991<BR>john b. - row - 2008<BR>judas priest - breaking the law - 2001<BR>kamara - synti, tuomio, katumus - 2005<BR>kampf - nothing but wrath - 2008<BR>karate - cancel / sing (ep) - 2001<BR>karna - forever in darkness (digi) - 2008<BR>kayser - good citizen - 2006<BR>kimaera - ebony veiled - 2006<BR>kingdom - unholy graveyard - 2008<BR>kirchenbrand - abgrunde - 2008<BR>koldvoid - ghost staring at the world (digi) - 2008<BR>kommandant - stormlegion - 2008<BR>kommandant - stormlegion - 2008

### Нужна помощь в покупке CDs через eBay.

stepa 15.04.2014 23:21:
Feast Of Corpses	The sickness of mankind	250<BR>Flaying	Commandments - violated	300<BR>Fleshcut	Gruesome and vile	250<BR>Fleshgrinder	Coroner\'s inqest suit	350<BR>Fleshrot	Traumatic reconfiguration	300<BR>For Ruin	December	350<BR>From Ashes Rise / Victims	Split	250<BR>From Beyond Death	Exhibit A	200<BR>G.O.R.E	From second side	300<BR>Gelgamesh 	Last Breath Of Dying One	350<BR>General Surgery / Butcher ABC	split cd	250<BR>Gerbophilia	Militeratogene	250<BR>Ghouls	Until it bleeds	250<BR>Goretrade	Mistaken conception	300<BR>Gronibard	We are french fukk you	350<BR>Gruesome Malady	Infected with virulent seed	250<BR>Habitual Defilement	The redemption of past supremacy	300<BR>Halo Of Gunfire	Conjuring the damned	450<BR>Headhunter D.C.	God\'s spreading cancer	250<BR>Hecatomb	Mighty chaos	300<BR>Hellbastard	Murder 101	300<BR>Hellbastard	Sons of Bitches	300<BR>Hellbastard	The Need To Kill	300<BR>Hell-Born	Legacy of the Nephilim	250<BR>Hen / Splitter / Endless Demise	3 way grindcore knockout	300<BR>Hideous Deformity	Defoulment of human purity	300<BR>Hivemaster	Ascension Into Dismal Stages	<BR>Holocausto Canibal	Visceral massacre memorabilia	250<BR>Horror Blast / Splattered Cavities	Split	200<BR>Hrust Kostilyo	Undisputed sovereignty	200<BR>Human Artifacts	The principles of sickness	300<BR>Illogicist	The insight eye	450<BR>In Articulo Mortis	The day after the darkest day	250<BR>Inferia 	Fucking Is A Great way…	300<BR>Infernal Dominion	Salvation through eternal suffering	300<BR>Infertile Surrogacy	Postulate of mass genocide	350<BR>Ingurgitate	Blackest origins...	300<BR>Insane Assholes	Grindzilla	300<BR>Insision	15 years  of Exaggerated Torment	250<BR>Into The Gore	Pain must be amplified	250<BR>Jesus Crost	Jesus Crost	400<BR>Killing Spree	Choose and decide	300<BR>Korades	Acoustic warfare	350<BR>Koreopsis	Resin	250<BR>Leng Tch\'e	The process of elimination	450<BR>Lividity	Live fornication	300<BR>Long Pig	Barren	300<BR>Lust Of Decay	Kingdom of corpses	300<BR>Malignant Tumour	Earthshaker	350<BR>Mangled Atrocity	Grotesque rituals of mutilation	300<BR>Mangled Whore Flesh / Malignant Germ Infestation	split cd	250<BR>Masachist	Death march fury	350<BR>Masachist	Scorned	300<BR>Mastic Scum	Zero	300<BR>Maximum Perversion	split cd	300<BR>Mercyless	Cold (reissue 1999)	400<BR>Modus Delicti	Nobody	300<BR>Moulded Flesh	In the hands of evil	250<BR>Mucopus	Undimensional	250<BR>Mucupurulent	Bloodstained Blues	350<BR>Mulk	Putrilogie	300<BR>Mumakil / Obtuse / Third Degree	The sick the dead the rotten part 2	350<BR>Mummification	Runes of blood	250<BR>Nailed Down	Perth wolfpack	300<BR>Napalm Death	Leaders not followers	200<BR>Necrotic Chaos	Regime grotesque	300<BR>Necrotic Chaos	Black as the insect	300<BR>Necrotic Disgorgement	Suffocated in shrinkwrap	300<BR>Necrotorture	Gore solution	300<BR>Needful Things	Dead Point	250<BR>Negativa	Negativa	250<BR>New Blood	Paradise disintegrates	250<BR>No Heaven Awaits Us	Irony of pure hatred	300<BR>Nocturnal Devotion	Virus...	180<BR>Nothin\' Suss / Queef Huffer	split cd	250<BR>Nothingness	Amongst the nebula	300<BR>Nunwhore Commando 666	World wide war	250<BR>Offending	Age of perversion	300<BR>

