# Abstain

USA political grindcore

## Дискография


## Отношения с другими группами


## Обсуждения


## Упоминания

### Новый альбом MORBID ANGEL в продаже.

schulze 05.10.2003 20:08:
Да, альбом выпущен Союзом и уже вовсю продается. Одинарный. Bonus Levels на фирмЕ. <BR><BR>Скоро будет лицензионный двойник от врагов музыкального бизнеса (Napalm Death), включающий "лучшие хиты" и всякий редкий стафф.<BR><BR>Disc One features all of Napalm Death's greatest "hits", from early classics "Scum" and "Suffer The Children", to later crushers "Diatribes" and "Breed To Breathe".<BR><BR>Disc Two features a massive collection of bonus tracks, demos, live recordings, and other rare and unreleased material from throughout the band's career. Highlights include a live cover of Godflesh's "Avalanche Master Song"; two unreleased mixes of tracks from "Fear, Emptiness...Despair"; rare tracks from the "Pathological" and "North Atlantic Noise Attack" comps; and three live tracks dating back to the mid-80's, handpicked by Napalm Death bassist Shane Embury from his own personal collection -- one having been recorded on a hand-held recorder by Embury himself in '86 before he was in the band!<BR><BR>Disc One<BR>1) The Kill<BR>2) Scum<BR>3) You Suffer<BR>4) Deceiver<BR>5) Hung<BR>6) Antibody<BR>7) Unchallenged Hate<BR>8) Siege of Power<BR>9) Greed Killing<BR>10) Suffer the Children<BR>11) Mass Appeal Madness<BR>12) Next of Kin to Chaos<BR>13) Judicial Slime<BR>14) Lucid Fairytale<BR>15) If the Truth Be Known<BR>16) Plague Rages<BR>17) Social Sterility<BR>18) From Enslavement to Obliteration<BR>19) Low Point<BR>20) Contemptuous<BR>21) Diatribes<BR>22) Chains That Bind Us<BR>23) Armageddon x 7<BR>24) Breed to Breathe<BR>25) World Keeps Turning<BR>(ALTERNATE VERSION)<BR>26) The Infiltrator<BR>27) Nazi Punks Fuck Off<BR><BR>Total Running Time: 75:46 (approx)<BR><BR>Disc Two<BR>1) Rise Above<BR>('Mentally Murdered' EP)<BR>2) Missing Link/ Mentally Murdered<BR>('Mentally Murdered' EP)<BR>3) Walls of Confinement<BR>('Mentally Murdered' EP)<BR>4) Cause and Effect/No Mental Effort<BR>('Mentally Murdered' EP)<BR>5) Pride Assassin<BR>('Mass Appeal Madness' EP)<BR>6) Avalanche Master Song - Live at ICA<BR>(bonus 'Harmony Corruption' live disc, GODFLESH cover)<BR>7) One and the Same<BR>(bonus 'Utopia Banished' track)<BR>8) Sick and Tired<BR>(bonus 'Utopia Banished' track)<BR>9) Malignant Trait<BR>(bonus 'Utopia Banished' track)<BR>10) Killing with Kindness <BR>(bonus 'Utopia Banished' track)<BR>11) Means to an End<BR>('World Keeps Turning' EP)<BR>12) Insanity Excursion<BR>('World Keeps Turning' EP)<BR>13) Truth Drug<BR>(bonus track on 'Fear Emptiness...Despair')<BR>14) Living in Denial<BR>(bonus track on 'Fear Emptiness...Despair')<BR>15) Food Chains<BR>('In Tongues We Speak' EP - split w/ Coalesce)<BR>16) Upwards and Uninterested <BR>(demo)<BR>17) I Abstain <BR>(demo)<BR>18) Politics of Common Sense<BR>(limited 'Cursed to Tour' CD - split w/ At The Gates)<BR>19) Internal Animosity <BR>('Pathological' comp)<BR>20) Scum<BR>('North Atlantic Noise Attack' comp)<BR>21) Life <BR>('North Atlantic Noise Attack' comp)<BR>22) Retreat to Nowhere <BR>('North Atlantic Noise Attack' comp)<BR>23) Remain Nameless <BR>(Pete Coleman mix) - UNRELEASED<BR>24) Twist the Knife (Slowly) <BR>(Pete Coleman mix) - UNRELEASED<BR>25) Deceiver - with Swanky's intro<BR>(live in Wacken, Belgium, 7/11/87, with Mitch Dickinson of Unseen Terror on guitar) - UNRELEASED<BR>26) The Traitor <BR>(live at The Mermaid, Birmingham, UK, 1/11/86 - recorded by Shane Embury) - UNRELEASED<BR>27) Abattoir <BR>(live at The Mermaid, Birmingham, UK, 30/3/86) - UNRELEASED <BR><BR>Total Running Time: 76.58 (approx)<BR><BR><BR>Each disc clocks in at over 75 minutes of music. Also look for exclusive interviews from both Embury and Napalm Death vocal assassin Mark "Barney" Greenaway in the liner notes. Fully endorsed by the band, "Noise For Music's Sake" will stand as the definitive Napalm Death bible for years to come. <BR>

