# Contempt

Дискография
"The Secret Around Us" 2002, Death Metal
"When Angels Begin To Cry" 2003, Death Metal

## Отношения с другими группами


## Обсуждения


## Упоминания

### Новый альбом MORBID ANGEL в продаже.

schulze 05.10.2003 20:08:
Да, альбом выпущен Союзом и уже вовсю продается. Одинарный. Bonus Levels на фирмЕ. <BR><BR>Скоро будет лицензионный двойник от врагов музыкального бизнеса (Napalm Death), включающий "лучшие хиты" и всякий редкий стафф.<BR><BR>Disc One features all of Napalm Death's greatest "hits", from early classics "Scum" and "Suffer The Children", to later crushers "Diatribes" and "Breed To Breathe".<BR><BR>Disc Two features a massive collection of bonus tracks, demos, live recordings, and other rare and unreleased material from throughout the band's career. Highlights include a live cover of Godflesh's "Avalanche Master Song"; two unreleased mixes of tracks from "Fear, Emptiness...Despair"; rare tracks from the "Pathological" and "North Atlantic Noise Attack" comps; and three live tracks dating back to the mid-80's, handpicked by Napalm Death bassist Shane Embury from his own personal collection -- one having been recorded on a hand-held recorder by Embury himself in '86 before he was in the band!<BR><BR>Disc One<BR>1) The Kill<BR>2) Scum<BR>3) You Suffer<BR>4) Deceiver<BR>5) Hung<BR>6) Antibody<BR>7) Unchallenged Hate<BR>8) Siege of Power<BR>9) Greed Killing<BR>10) Suffer the Children<BR>11) Mass Appeal Madness<BR>12) Next of Kin to Chaos<BR>13) Judicial Slime<BR>14) Lucid Fairytale<BR>15) If the Truth Be Known<BR>16) Plague Rages<BR>17) Social Sterility<BR>18) From Enslavement to Obliteration<BR>19) Low Point<BR>20) Contemptuous<BR>21) Diatribes<BR>22) Chains That Bind Us<BR>23) Armageddon x 7<BR>24) Breed to Breathe<BR>25) World Keeps Turning<BR>(ALTERNATE VERSION)<BR>26) The Infiltrator<BR>27) Nazi Punks Fuck Off<BR><BR>Total Running Time: 75:46 (approx)<BR><BR>Disc Two<BR>1) Rise Above<BR>('Mentally Murdered' EP)<BR>2) Missing Link/ Mentally Murdered<BR>('Mentally Murdered' EP)<BR>3) Walls of Confinement<BR>('Mentally Murdered' EP)<BR>4) Cause and Effect/No Mental Effort<BR>('Mentally Murdered' EP)<BR>5) Pride Assassin<BR>('Mass Appeal Madness' EP)<BR>6) Avalanche Master Song - Live at ICA<BR>(bonus 'Harmony Corruption' live disc, GODFLESH cover)<BR>7) One and the Same<BR>(bonus 'Utopia Banished' track)<BR>8) Sick and Tired<BR>(bonus 'Utopia Banished' track)<BR>9) Malignant Trait<BR>(bonus 'Utopia Banished' track)<BR>10) Killing with Kindness <BR>(bonus 'Utopia Banished' track)<BR>11) Means to an End<BR>('World Keeps Turning' EP)<BR>12) Insanity Excursion<BR>('World Keeps Turning' EP)<BR>13) Truth Drug<BR>(bonus track on 'Fear Emptiness...Despair')<BR>14) Living in Denial<BR>(bonus track on 'Fear Emptiness...Despair')<BR>15) Food Chains<BR>('In Tongues We Speak' EP - split w/ Coalesce)<BR>16) Upwards and Uninterested <BR>(demo)<BR>17) I Abstain <BR>(demo)<BR>18) Politics of Common Sense<BR>(limited 'Cursed to Tour' CD - split w/ At The Gates)<BR>19) Internal Animosity <BR>('Pathological' comp)<BR>20) Scum<BR>('North Atlantic Noise Attack' comp)<BR>21) Life <BR>('North Atlantic Noise Attack' comp)<BR>22) Retreat to Nowhere <BR>('North Atlantic Noise Attack' comp)<BR>23) Remain Nameless <BR>(Pete Coleman mix) - UNRELEASED<BR>24) Twist the Knife (Slowly) <BR>(Pete Coleman mix) - UNRELEASED<BR>25) Deceiver - with Swanky's intro<BR>(live in Wacken, Belgium, 7/11/87, with Mitch Dickinson of Unseen Terror on guitar) - UNRELEASED<BR>26) The Traitor <BR>(live at The Mermaid, Birmingham, UK, 1/11/86 - recorded by Shane Embury) - UNRELEASED<BR>27) Abattoir <BR>(live at The Mermaid, Birmingham, UK, 30/3/86) - UNRELEASED <BR><BR>Total Running Time: 76.58 (approx)<BR><BR><BR>Each disc clocks in at over 75 minutes of music. Also look for exclusive interviews from both Embury and Napalm Death vocal assassin Mark "Barney" Greenaway in the liner notes. Fully endorsed by the band, "Noise For Music's Sake" will stand as the definitive Napalm Death bible for years to come. <BR>

### Итоги года 2005&gt;&gt;

thorax 31.12.2005 14:03:
Касаемо блэка... Коротко по пятибальной шкале... :) <BR>5+<BR>Ulfhethnar "Essence of Superiority"<BR><BR>5<BR>Vargsang "Throne of the forgotten"<BR>Elite "Bekm©Єrkt"<BR><BR>4<BR>Legion of Doom "God Is Dead"<BR>Pest "In Total Contempt"<BR>Brume d'Automne "Fiers et Victorieux"<BR>Wigrid "Die Asche Eines Lebens"<BR><BR>3<BR>Satanic Warmaster "Carelian Satanist Madness" <BR>Darkestrah "Embrace of Memory"<BR><BR>О многих релизах явно забыл :)

### Пятница 13-ое (13.06.08)-X.O. 

illusionist 05.06.2008 02:11:
<BR>The Last Seconds of Dullards’ Votaries <BR><BR><BR>Burn in hell, sale labelsTake a mouthful of your own shitYou hasten the waiting of The Most High’s punishmentLet the pages of your book of death you bloody read!  I am the messiah and my Molotov makes your vile soulsTo the ash and the past!<BR><BR><BR>Its useful for gift of the Most High and from the heavens let the price be on your sale skinYou shall be mad in your own delirium releasing the rotten shittest sin  Bought by millions of meaningless fools You are defective in your thirst of heavenly tools  You’re near the disgustingYou work to buy the followers<BR><BR><BR>But you are not the Devil or Jesus Nor Jehova and no AtlasYou’re not the Man and not the AnimalYou’re only phallus  Your aptitude to experience is atrophiedYour salvation is the fire of my rage and light! <BR><BR>Licking the faeces of your lordsYou’re approaching to the end of your fucking hordes Collecting the crumbs from their charity! You are the slaves of the stuffed Please me and taunt meYour mean mouth vomit – it’s the last In your contemptible life!<BR><BR>You’re the worm of the poisoned lordWhich devours the all fair and brightLet my holiest pray punish you And burn the bridges for the way of the most high!

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

stepa 10.02.2010 02:14:
Gamma Ray	1997	Somewhere Out In Space	Noise	<BR>Gamma Ray	1999	Powerplant		<BR>Gates Of Ishtar	1997	The Dawn Of Flames	black diamond	<BR>Gehenna	1996	Malice	Cacaphonius	<BR>Giants Causeway	1994	Is There Any Way…	IRS	<BR>God 	1992	Possesion	Virgin	<BR>Godflesh	1989	Streetcleaner	Earache	<BR>Godflesh	1992	Pure  	Earache	<BR>Godflesh	1997	Love And Hate In Dub	Earache	<BR>Godgory	1996	Shadow’s Dance	black diamond	<BR>Gorefest	1998	Chapter 13	Steamhammer	<BR>Grave	1996	Hating Life	Century Media	<BR>Grave	1997	Extremely Rotten Live	Century Media	77162-2<BR>Grave Digger	1999	Excalibur	GUN	DP<BR>Hammerfall	1997	Glory To The Brave	Nuclear Blast	<BR>Hammerfall	1998	Legacy Of Kings	Nuclear Blast	<BR>Harrow	1994	The Pylon Of Insanity		Japan<BR>Heavenwood	1996	Diva	Massacre	<BR>Helloween	1985	Walls Of Jericho		vicp-5194<BR>Helloween	1987	Keeper Of The Seven Keys Part I & II	Noise	2 CD 1993<BR>Helloween	1991	Pink Bubbles Go Ape	Helloween	<BR>Helloween	1993	Chameleon	Helloween	<BR>Helloween	1994	Master Of Rings	Helloween	<BR>Helloween	1996	The time of the oath	Helloween	<BR>Helloween	1996	High Live	Helloween	raw df116<BR>Helloween	1998	Better Than Raw	Helloween	Japan<BR>Helloween	1999	Metal Jukebox	Helloween	<BR>Hermh	1997	Angeldemon	Pagan Records	<BR>Hexenhaus	1990	The Edge Of Eternity	Active Records	<BR>Holy DIO	1999	A Tribute To The Voice Of Metal: Ronnie James Dio Part 1 & 2		2 CD<BR>Holy Dio	1999	A Tribute To The Voice Of Metal:		<BR>Hypocrisy	1996	Abducted	Nuclear Blast	<BR>Hypocrisy	1997	The Final Chapter	Nuclear Blast	<BR>Hypocrisy	1999	Hypocrisy	Nuclear Blast	<BR>Iced Earth	1990	Iced Earth	Century Media	<BR>Iced Earth	1991	Night Of The Stormrider	Century Media	Japan<BR>Iced Earth	1995	Burnt Offerings	Century Media	<BR>Iced Earth	1996	The Dark Saga	Century Media	<BR>Iced Earth	1997	Days Of Purgatory 1		<BR>Iced Earth	1997	Days Of Purgatory 2	Century Media	77165-2<BR>Iced Earth	1998	Something Wicked This Way Comes	Century Media	<BR>Immortal	1997	Blizard Beasts	Osmose	<BR>Immortal	1999	At The Heart Of The Winter	Osmose	opcd 079<BR>Impaled Nazarene	1996	Latex Cult	Osmose	<BR>Impaled Nazarene	1998	Rapture	Osmose	<BR>Impaled Nazarene	2000	Nihil	Spinefarm	<BR>Impellitteri	1992	Grin And Bear It		japan<BR>Impellitteri	1994	Answer To The Master		japan<BR>Impellitteri	1996	Screaming Symphony		japan<BR>Impellitteri	1997	Eye Of The Hurricane		japan<BR>In Extremo	1999	Weckt Die Toten!	Metal Blade	<BR>In Extremo	2001	Sunder Ohne Zugel	Island Records	<BR>In Flames	1994	Lunar Strain	Wrong Again Records	<BR>In Flames	1996	The Jester Race	Toy's Factory	japan<BR>In Flames	1997	Whoracle	Nuclear Blast	<BR>In Memory….. CELTIC FROST	1996	Compilation	Dwell Records	<BR>In The Name Of Satan	1994	A Tribute To Venom		<BR>In The Woods	1996	A Return To The Isle Of Men	Hammerheart	<BR>In The Woods	1996	Omnio	Misanthropy Records	<BR>In The Woods	1999	Strange In Stereo	Misanthropy Records	<BR>Infectious Grooves	1993	Sarsippius' Arc	Sony	<BR>Infernal Beauty	1997	Drakensquar	Hammerheart	<BR>Inhuman	1997	Strange Desire	Art Music	<BR>Internal Bleeding	1995	Voracious Contempt	Pavement	<BR>Iron Maiden	1980	Iron Maiden	EMI	<BR>Iron Maiden	1981	Killers	Capitol	<BR>Iron maiden	1982	The Number Of The Beast	EMI	<BR>Iron Maiden	1983	Piece Of Mind	Iron Maiden	<BR>Iron Maiden	1984	Powerslave	Iron Maiden	<BR>Iron Maiden	1990	No Prayer For The Dying	Iron Maiden	<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

НиколайНС 05.05.2010 21:52:
Диски SUMERIAN RECORDS!<BR><BR>After the Burial - Rareform - Reissue (melodic death/deathcore).<BR>Born of Osiris - A higher Place (progressive death/metalcore).<BR>Born of Osiris - The New Reign (progressive death/metalcore).<BR>Circle of Contempt - Artifacts in Motion (melodic avangarde death/metalcore + ускоренный psychodelic trip-hop!!! Поправьте меня, если я не правильно определил).<BR>Enfold Darkness - Our Cursed Rapture (melodic death/black: как если бы в 1997 году In Flames сыграли что-то из Cradle of Filth 2003-2004 годов!).<BR>The Faceless - Akeldama (modern technical death/avangarde deathcore).<BR>The Faceless - Planetary Duality (modern technical death/avangarde deathcore).<BR>Upon a Burning Body - The World is Ours (melodic modern deathcore).<BR>Veil of Maya - The Common Man's Collapse (death metalcore).<BR>Veil of Maya - ID (death metalcore).<BR>

### Фирменные диски от MUSICA Prod

Vit Belov 04.10.2011 18:59:
Metalmorphose	Nossa Droga e o Heavy Metal	Metal Soldiers	Heavy-metal	350 руб<BR>Necroskinner	Chaoskinner	Self-released	Thrash-metal	350 руб<BR>Nevent	Familiarity Breeds Contempt	BMG	Hardcore 	350 руб<BR>Nhorizon	Skydancers	My Kingdom Music	Power-progressive	350 руб<BR>Nihil Novi Sub Sole	Jupiter Temple	My Kingdom Music	Ambient Martial (A5 digi-pack)	400 руб<BR>Oceans Of Sadness	Mirror Palace	Scarlet Records	Melodic death-black	500 руб<BR>Oracle Sun	Deep Inside	Scarlet Records	Power-metal	350 руб<BR>Rapidforce	Burst Under Pressure	Twilight Zone	Thrash-metal	350 руб<BR>Rossometile	Terrenica	My Kingdom Music	Gothic-rock (женский вокал)	350 руб<BR>Royal Jester	Night is Young	Scarlet Records	Power-metal	600 руб<BR>Running Wild	Black Demons On Stage		Heavy-power-metal  	350 руб<BR>Saratan	Antireligion	My Kingdom Music	Thrash-metal	350 руб<BR>Scar Of The Sun	A Series of Unfortunate	Scarlet Records	Death-doom	600 руб<BR>Shaman	One Live: Shaman & Orchestra Live at Masters of Rock [DVD]	Scarlet Records	Heavy-metal	700 руб<BR>Sirannon	Semer Caliga	U.D.P.	Black-metal	350 руб<BR>Stress	Live'n'Memory	Metal Soldiers	Heavy-metal	350 руб<BR>Stress	Amazon, First Metal Attack!	Metal Soldiers	Heavy-metal	350 руб<BR>Stress	Atomic Flower, Brazilian Metal Explosion	Metal Soldiers	Heavy-metal	350 руб<BR>Superbia	Overcoming the Pain	My Kingdom Music	Melodic progressive-death-metal	350 руб<BR>Taurus	Fissura	Metal Soldiers	Speed-Thrash	350 руб<BR>Thanatoschizo	Zoom Code	My Kingdom Music	Gothic-rock	350 руб<BR>Ticket To Hell	Operation: Crash Course	My Kingdom Music	Death-thrash-metal	350 руб<BR>Uganga	Caos Carma Conceito	Metal Soldiers	Thrash-metal	350 руб<BR>Warfect	Depicting The Macabre	My Kingdom Music	Melodic death-thrash/metalcore	350 руб<BR>Warmblood	Timor Mortis	Punishment 18	Death-metal	350 руб<BR>Withering Surface	Force The Pace	Scarlet Records	Melodic death-metal	350 руб<BR>Wuthering Heights	Salt	Scarlet Records	Power-progressive	600 руб<BR>Yumma-re	Eden	My Kingdom Music	Hypnotic Music	350 руб<BR>Zarpa	Luchadores de la paz	Metal Soldiers	Heavy-metal	350 руб<BR>

### JUCIFER (С.Ш.А.) в Москве (9 июня 2012 г.)

Headcrusher 05.06.2012 11:42:
Видео на трек "Contempt": <A HREF="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5-ulqi7HVk" TARGET="_blank">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5-ulqi7HVk</A>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Кукан Войны 17.06.2013 10:07:
Лицухъ <BR>ANATA ( 1998 ) The Infernal Depths Of Hatred. CDM<BR>ANATA ( 2001 ) Dreams Of Death And Dismay. CDM<BR>ANTIMATTER ( 2003 ) Lights Out. Irond<BR>ANTIMATTER ( 2006 ) Planetary Confinement. Irond<BR>ATROCITY ( 2008 ) Willenskraft. Irond<BR>AGATHODAIMON ( 2001 ) Chapter III. Irond<BR>ARCHITECTS ( 2008 ) Ruin. Mazzar<BR>APOCALYPTICA ( 2000 ) Cult. (Universal Russia)<BR>ABADDON INCARNATE ( 1999 ) The Last Supper. CDM<BR>AUTUMNBLAZE ( 2002 ) Mute Boy Sad Girl. CDM<BR>AETERNUS Shadows Of Old. Fono<BR>ABSOLUTE DEFIANCE ( 2001 ) Systematic Terror Decimation. CDM<BR>BAL-SAGOTH ( 1996 ) Starfire Burning...Irond<BR>BEHEMOTH ( 1999 ) Satanica. Irond<BR>CATAMENIA ( 2002 ) Morning Crimson. CDM<BR>CATAMENIA ( 2001 ) eternal Winter's Prophecy. CDM<BR>CATAMENIA ( 2002 ) Eskhata. AMG<BR>CATAMENIA ( 2003 ) Chaosborn. AMG<BR>CONTEMPT ( 2003 ) When Angels Begin To Cry. CDM<BR>CULT OF LUNA ( 2006 ) Somewhere Along The Highway. Soyuz<BR>CEPHALIC CARNAGE ( 2007 ) Exploiting Dysfunction. Mazzar<BR>CEPHALIC CARNAGE ( 2007 ) Lucid Internal. Mazzar<BR>CATHEDRAL ( 1996 ) Supernatural Birth Machine. Soyuz<BR>CHILDREN OF BODOM ( 2008 ) Blooddrunk. ( Universal Russia)<BR>DECEMBER ( 2002 ) The Lament Configuration. Soyuz<BR>DECEMBER ( 2003 ) Praying, Hoping, Nothing. Soyuz +OBI<BR>DAWN OF DREAMS ( 2001 ) Eidolon. Irond<BR>DAYLIGHT DIES ( 2007 ) Dismantling Devotion. Mystic Empire<BR>DEBAUCHERY ( 2007 ) Back In Blood. CDM +OBI and exclusive uncensored cover for Russia<BR>DIVINE EMPIRE ( 2005 ) Method Of Execution. Mazzar<BR>DIVINE EMPIRE ( 2000 ) Doomed To Inherit. Mazzar<BR>DIVINE EMPIRE ( 2004 ) Nostradamus. Mazzar<BR>DORNENREICH ( 2001 ) Her Von Welken Nachten. Irond<BR>EMPYRIUM ( 1996 ) A Wintersunset...CDM<BR>EMPYRIUM ( 1999 ) Where At Night The Wood Grouse Plays. CDM<BR>EMPYRIUM ( 2002 ) Weiland. CDM<BR>EXMORTEM ( 2003 ) Berzerker Legions. Fono<BR>EXODUS ( 1987 ) Pleasures Of The Flesh. Fono<BR>EXODUS ( 2005 ) Showel Headed Kill Machine. Irond<BR>FEAR MY THOUGHTS ( 2007 ) Vulcanus. Fono<BR>FRANTIC BLEEP ( 2005 ) The Sencuz<BR>%ratus. Soyuz<BR>GREEN CARNATION ( 2000 ) Journey To The End Of The Night. CDM<BR>GREEN CARNATION ( 2003 ) A Blessing In Disguise. CDM<BR>GREEN CARNATION ( 2006 ) The Acoustic Verses. Irond<BR>IN-QUEST ( 2005 ) The Comatose Quandarifs. Soyuz +OBI<BR>ILLDISPOSED ( 2001 ) Kokainum/Retro. Irond<BR>IMPIOUS ( 2003 ) The Killer. Fono<BR>HOLLENTHON ( 2008 ) Opus Magnum. Irond<BR>HANDFUL OF HATE ( 2003 ) Vicecrown. CDM +OBI<BR>HECATE ENTHRONED ( 2004 ) A Slaughter Of Innocence...CDM<BR>HECATE ENTHRONED ( 2004 ) Dark Requiems. CDM<BR>HECATE ENTHRONED ( 1999 ) Kings Of Chaos. CDM<BR>LOST SOUL ( 2003 ) Bermensch ( Death Of God ) . CDM +OBI<BR>LEGION OF THE DAMNED ( 2006 ) Malevolent Rapture. Mazzar<BR>LEGION OF THE DAMNED ( 2009 ) Cult Of The Dead. Irond<BR>MY DYING BRIDE ( 2001 ) The Dreadful Hours. Soyuz<BR>MY DYING BRIDE ( 2004 ) Songs Of Darkness Words Of Light. Soyuz +OBI<BR>MY DYING BRIDE ( 2006 ) A Line Of Deathless Kings. Soyuz<BR>MY DYING BRIDE ( 2008 ) An Ode To Woe. Soyuz<BR>NOVEMBRE ( 2006 ) Materia. Soyuz<BR>NASUM ( 2007 ) Helvete. Mazzar<BR>NAILDOWN ( 2007 ) Dreamcrusher. Fono<BR>NIGHTRAGE ( 2005 ) Descend Into Chaos. Fono<BR>OBSCURANT ( 2002 ) Lifeform:Dead. CDM +OBI-slipcase<BR>PSYCROPTIC ( 2008 ) (Ob)Servant. Irond<BR><BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

stepa 10.07.2013 19:06:
Винил новый.<BR>Включая Graveland 2013<BR>писать soundage@mail.ru<BR>Elite -Bifrost- LP (limited to 500 copies!)		<BR>Flagellator -Channeling the Acheron-  LP		<BR>Forgotten Woods -As the wolves gather- LP		<BR>Forgotten Woods -Forgotten Woods-/-Through the Woods-  Demo Pic. LP (ltd. to 850 copies!)		<BR>Forgotten Woods -Sjel av natten- LP (black vinyl!)		<BR>Gaahlskagg -Erotic Funeral- LP		<BR>Graveland -Carpathian Wolves- LP		<BR>Graveland -Creed of Iron-/Raiders of Revenge- Gatefold Double LP		<BR>"Graveland -Fire chariot of destruction-/-Impaler&#180;s Wolves- Gatefold DLP&#180;05 (+1 extra<BR>Bonustrack!)"		<BR>Graveland -Spears of Heaven-/-Cold Winter Blades- Double Gatefold LP		<BR>Graveland -Thousand Swords-  LP (black Vinyl!)		<BR>Graveland -Thunderbolt of the Gods-  Digi CD (ltd. to 1000 Copies!)		<BR>Graveland -Thunderbolt of the Gods-  Gatefold LP (black vinyl!)		<BR>Graveland -Will stronger than death- Gatefold LP&#180;07		<BR> I Shalt Become -In the falling snow- LP		<BR>Kladovest -Atmosphere- LP (ltd.to 150 handnumbered Copies!)		<BR>Kladovest -Escape in Melancholy- LP (black Vinyl,ltd. to 150 Copies!)		<BR>Nargaroth -Black Metal ist Krieg- Gatefold DLP		<BR>Nargaroth -Geliebte des Regens- Gatefold DLP (transparent blue vinyl!)		<BR>Nargaroth -Jahreszeiten- Gatefold Double LP (black Vinyl!)		<BR>Nokturnal Mortum -Live in Katowice- DVD		<BR>Pest -Daudafaerd- LP		<BR>Pest -Desecration- Gatefold LP		<BR>Pest -In total contempt- Gatefold LP		<BR>Profane Prayer -Tales of Vagrancy  and Blasphemy- LP (black Vinyl! ltd.to 300 copies)		<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

stepa 20.10.2013 22:34:
продолжение<BR>Lake of Tears - Illwill<BR>Lordi - To Beast Or Not to Beast<BR>Machine Head - Burn my Eyes LP<BR>Marduk - Dark Endless (black LP)<BR>Marduk - Germania LP<BR>Marduk - Serpent Sermon (black LP+LP-Booklet)<BR>Mayhem - Deathcrush LTD Edition Red LP<BR>Metsatoll " Ulg"<BR>Metsatoll "Aio" 2 LP<BR>Metsatoll "Hiiekoda" gatefold  2LP<BR>Metsatoll "Iivakivi" gatefold LP<BR>Metsatoll "Terast mis hangund me hinge" gatefold  LP<BR>Mightiest - Sojourn In The Rising Darkness  7" EP<BR>Mob Rules - Cannibal Nation<BR>Moonsorrow - Suden uni LP<BR>Morbid Angel - Illud Divinum Insanus 2LP + download card<BR>Motorhead - Inferno 2LP<BR>My Dying Bride - A Map of All Our Failures 2LP<BR>My Dying Bride - Like Gods of the Sun 2LP<BR>Nargaroth -Black Metal ist Krieg- Gatefold DLP<BR>Nargaroth -Black Metal Manda Hijos De Puta-LP (bernstein/amber Vinyl)<BR>Nargaroth -Geliebte des Regens- Gatefold DLP (transparent blue vinyl!)<BR>Nargaroth -Jahreszeiten- Gatefold Double LP (black Vinyl!)<BR>Nargaroth -Prosatanica shooting angels<BR>Nargaroth -Rasluka- LP<BR>Necromantia - IV: Malice<BR>Necrophagia - Deathtrip 69 LP + download card<BR>Nevermore - The Obsidian Conspiracy / LP + Bonus 7''EP<BR>Nevermore - The Year Of The Voyager 3LP boxset<BR>Nickelback - Dark Horse<BR>Nightwish - Oceanborn LP<BR>Nocturnus - Etherial Tomb LP Gatefold<BR>Nokturnal Mortum - Голос Стали 2LP orange<BR>Nordafrost/Unlight 7" EP<BR>Obituary - Frozen in time LP<BR>Obituary - Slowly we rot LP<BR>Obituary - World demise LP<BR>Obtest "Amzina Ausra" 7" EP<BR>Obtest "Auka Seniems" picture LP<BR>Obtest "Dvylika JuodVarniu" picture 7" EP<BR>Obtest "Is Kartos I Karta" gatefold LP<BR>Obtest "Tukstantmetis" picture LP<BR>Onslaught - Sounds of Violence<BR>Opeth - Still Life 2LP<BR>Orphaned Land - All Is One (Black 2LP)<BR>Orphaned Land - The Never Ending Way Of ORwarriOR / black 2LP<BR>Pain - Cynic Paradise LP<BR>Pathology - Legacy of the Ancients (LP coloured)<BR>Pest -Daudafaerd- LP<BR>Pest -Desecration- Gatefold LP<BR>Pest -In total contempt- Gatefold LP<BR>Pohjast "Thou Strong, Stern Death" (estonian pagan black) LP<BR>Poisonblack - A Dead Heavy Day<BR>Profane Prayer -Tales of Vagrancy  and Blasphemy- LP (black Vinyl! ltd.to 300 copies)<BR>Queensr&#255;che - Queensr&#255;che (Black LP + CD)<BR>Quiet Riot - Quiet Riot LP<BR>Rage - Strings To A Web LP<BR>Rhapsody of Fire - Live From Chaos to Eternity 3LP<BR>Ross The Boss (Manowar) - Hailstorm<BR>Sacramentum - Far Away From The Sun (black LP)<BR>Sacramentum - Far Away From The Sun (Picture LP)<BR>Saint Vitus - Born too late LP<BR>Saint Vitus - Lillie: F-65 LTD  LP two colored + download card<BR>Satanic Warmaster - Opferblut - clear blue vinyl<BR>Saxon "Call To Arms"<BR>Sentenced -Shadows Of The Past - black Vinyl<BR>Septicflesh - Esoptron (Solid grey 2LP + download card)<BR>Septicflesh -  Mystic Places of Dawn (2Lp Gatefold Transparent Coloured + dropcard)<BR>Sepultura - Beneath The Remains <BR>Sepultura - Chaos A.D. LP<BR>Seth - Les Blessures de l'Ame 2LP + download card<BR>Shadows Fall - Threads of Life LP + 7EP<BR>Sinner - Crash and Burn <BR>Souless "Destroy the Light"  7" EP<BR>Stormwarrior - Heading Northe<BR>Stormwarrior - Heathen Warrior<BR>Suffocation - Suffocation LP<BR>Suffocation "Beginning of Chapter" picture , mega rare<BR>Suicide Silence - The Black Crown / LP+CD<BR>Suidakra "Book Of Dowth"<BR>Terror - Keepers of the Faith - transparent blue<BR>Thanatos - Emerging From the Netherworlds<BR>Thanatos - Realm Of Extasy<BR>Theatre of Tragedy - Aegis 2LP<BR>Theatre of Tragedy - Velvet Darkness They Fear 2LP<BR>The Dillinger Escape Plan - Option Paralysis<BR>The Haunted - Versus<BR>The Meads of Asphodel "Life is Shit"  7" EP<BR>Tiamat - Sumerian Cry - black Vinyl<BR>Tiamat - The Scarred People<BR>Tremors - Eternal Question  7" EP<BR>Turisas - Battle Metal / Ltd. Gold Vinyl <BR>Turisas - The Varangian Way<BR>Tymah - Transylvanian Dreams Ltd. 300 copies green vinyl<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

stepa 19.05.2014 19:29:
Pain - Cynic Paradise LP<BR>Paradise Lost - Tragic Illusion 25 LP 10" + CD<BR>Pathology - Legacy of the Ancients (LP coloured)<BR>Pest -Daudafaerd- LP<BR>Pest -Desecration- Gatefold LP<BR>Pest -In total contempt- Gatefold LP<BR>Phantasm - Keeper of Death<BR>Pill Box - Tired LP<BR>Pohjast "Thou Strong, Stern Death" (estonian pagan black) LP<BR>Poisonblack - A Dead Heavy Day<BR>Profane Prayer -Tales of Vagrancy and Blasphemy- LP (black Vinyl! ltd.to 300 copies)<BR>Queensr&#255;che - Queensr&#255;che (Black LP + CD)<BR>Rage - Strings To A Web LP<BR>Rhapsody of Fire - Dark Wings of Steel 2LP red<BR>Rhapsody of Fire - Live From Chaos to Eternity 3LP<BR>Ross The Boss (Manowar) - Hailstorm<BR>Rotten Sound - Consume To Contaminate<BR>Rotting Christ - Khronos 2LP<BR>Rotting Christ - Sanctus Diavolos LP<BR>Rotting Christ - Sleep Of The Angels<BR>Sacramentum - Far Away From The Sun (black LP)<BR>Sacramentum - Far Away From The Sun (Picture LP)<BR>Saint Vitus - Born too late LP<BR>Saint Vitus - Lillie: F-65 LTD LP two colored + download card<BR>Satanic Warmaster - Opferblut - clear blue vinyl<BR>Saxon "Call To Arms"<BR>Sentenced -Shadows Of The Past - black Vinyl<BR>Septicflesh - Mystic Places of Dawn (2Lp Gatefold Transparent Coloured + dropcard)<BR>Septicflesh - Esoptron (Solid grey 2LP + download card)<BR>Sepultura - Beneath The Remains<BR>Sepultura - Chaos A.D. LP<BR>Seth - Les Blessures de l'Ame 2LP + download card<BR>Shadows Fall - Threads of Life LP + 7EP<BR>Sinbreed - Shadows LP<BR>Sinner - Crash and Burn<BR>Souless "Destroy the Light" 7" EP<BR>Stormwarrior - Heading Northe<BR>Stormwarrior - Heathen Warrior<BR>Strapping Young Lad - City - solid mint vinyl LP<BR>Suffocation - Suffocation LP<BR>Suffocation "Beginning of Chapter" picture , mega rare<BR>Suicide Silence - The Black Crown / LP+CD<BR>Suidakra "Book Of Dowth"<BR>Terror - Keepers of the Faith - transparent blue<BR>Thanatos - Emerging From the Netherworlds<BR>Thanatos - Realm Of Extasy<BR>The Dillinger Escape Plan - Option Paralysis<BR>The Haunted - Versus<BR>The Meads of Asphodel "Life is Shit" 7" EP<BR>Theatre of Tragedy - Aegis 2LP<BR>Tiamat - Sumerian Cry - black Vinyl<BR>Tiamat - The Scarred People<BR>Tremors - Eternal Question 7" EP<BR>Turisas - Battle Metal / Ltd. Gold Vinyl<BR>Turisas - The Varangian Way<BR>Turisas - Turisas 2013 LP + CD<BR>Tymah - Transylvanian Dreams Ltd. 300 copies green vinyl<BR>Tyr - The Lay of Thrym LP<BR>U.D.O. - Animal House 2LP<BR>U.D.O. - Faceless World 2LP<BR>U.D.O. - Mean Machine LP<BR>U.D.O. - Steelhammer 2LP yellow<BR>U.D.O. - Timebomb LP<BR>Unleashed -Across The Open Sea - LP<BR>Unleashed -Shadows In The Deep - LP<BR>Vattnet Viskar - Sky Swallower LP<BR>Veles - Black Hateful Metal<BR>Veles - Night On the Bare Mountain<BR>Vital Remains - Dechristianize / 2 LP<BR>Vital Remains - Horrors Of Hell LP + 7Inch LP+7inch<BR>Vital Remains -Icons Of Evil - black 2LP<BR>Voivod - Target Earth 2LP<BR>Voodoo Circle - More Than One Way Home 2 LP<BR>Warbringer - IV: Empires Collapse LP + poster<BR>Watain - All They May Bleed - picture 7"EP<BR>Watain - Casus Luciferi 2LP<BR>Watain - Lawless Darkness 2LP<BR>Watain - Rabid Death's Curse 2LP<BR>Watain - Sworn to the dark 2LP<BR>Wigrid - Die Asche Eines Lebens LP<BR>Witchery - Witchkrieg / Black Vinyl LP<BR>Woodtemple -The call from the pagan woods<BR>Аркона "Гой Роде Гой" 2LP (Sold out!!! Последние копии!!!)<BR>Аркона "От Сердца к Небу" 2LP (picture disc)<BR>Аркона "Слово" 2LP<BR>Аркона "Явь" 2LP silver<BR>Кипелов "Жить вопреки" 2LP<BR>Коррозия Металла "Война Миров"<BR>Коррозия Металла "Жизнь в Октябре"<BR>Коррозия Металла "Компьютер-Гитлер"<BR>Коррозия Металла - Russian Vodka<BR>Крода - Towards The Firmaments Verge Of Life... 2LP<BR>Легион - Knight Of Cross<BR>Мастер - Maniac Party<BR>Новый Завет - Apocalypse

### Новинки 2014

Максим - LOGIN! 05.10.2014 19:56:
Doctor Livingstone, 2014, Contemptus Saeculi<BR><A HREF="http://rutracker.org/forum/viewtopic.php?p=65372460" TARGET="_blank">http://rutracker.org/forum/viewtopic.php?p=65372460</A><BR><BR>забавное музло, вовсе не блеск, как анонсировано

