# Gardens of Gehenna

Дискография
"Mechanism Masochism" 2001, Metal

## Отношения с другими группами


## Обсуждения


## Упоминания

### Что крутого в ROSSOMAHAAR?

Lazar 22.11.2001 23:59:
Вот что говорят эти засранцы:<BR><BR><BR>&gt; Last Episode Productions<BR>&gt; Bucher Weg 12<BR>&gt; D-73529 Schwabisch Gmund / Germany<BR>&gt; Phone: 0049-7173-914 63 24<BR>&gt; Fax: 0049-7173-914 63 25<BR>&gt;<BR>&gt; Promotion: Markus Wosgien<BR>&gt; e-mail: markus@last-episode.de<BR>&gt;<BR>&gt; Hi!<BR>&gt;<BR>&gt; we have some problems at the moment, that's why we couldn't start to work on<BR>&gt; the album yet. We had to delay almost every release we have. I am very sorry<BR>&gt; about that, but the sales in the Black Metal genre are not more that good as<BR>&gt; it has been years before. We count a lot on the new album of Eisregen which<BR>&gt; have got a very high status in Germany. I expect that things will get better<BR>&gt; for us after this release and we can straight start to work on your album.I hope you understand our situation a bit.<BR>&gt;<BR>&gt; Best regards - Markus<BR>&gt;<BR>&gt; Upcoming Releases on Last Episode:<BR>&gt; Eisregen - Farbenfinsternis (26.11.01)<BR>&gt; Ad Inferna - L'Empire Des Sens (28.01.02)<BR>&gt; Gardens Of Gehenna - The Mechanism Masochism (18.02.02)<BR>&gt; The Bloodline - The Breed (18.02.02)<BR>&gt; Rossomahaar - Quaerite Lux In Tenebris (18.03.02)<BR>

### Что крутого в ROSSOMAHAAR?

Lazar 24.11.2001 16:04:
<BR>Birgit / GARDENS OF GEHENNA <BR><BR>"We do not have any problems with Last Episode now. <BR>But I remember for the first CD we released there we also waited 7 or 8<BR>months for our money as Carsten told me that he always pays the money when<BR>the CD is out (although in the contract stands that it is a prepayment). <BR>As we had already payed all studio costs before it was - more or less - ok<BR>for us, or it had to be as we could not change anything. <BR>This time it is so that the studio will not give out the masters if they are<BR>not payed, ok what can Last Episode do? If they want to get out the CD in<BR>time they will have to pay. Just mail and phone again and again (ok phone<BR>will be too expensive) and good luck." <BR>  <BR>Claudia / VIOLATION <BR><BR>"Yes, we had problems with Karsten! He is a difficult person. But we don't<BR>have a deal with Last Episode anymore. Karsten quit the deal, because he<BR>didn't want to pay for Abyss studio again, and because we didn't sell enough<BR>CD's. And we were not sad about the divorce." <BR><BR>Bart / DAMNATION <BR><BR>"Yes, we had problems with Last Episode. We signed them for three records <BR>First one was "Rebel Souls" album, but the money was transfered to our<BR>Polish promotor (fucking amateur guy!) and we haven't even knew how much it<BR>was, but we got money for studio, mastering, cover, photo session and layout<BR>was made in Germany. And it was released as amazing digipack. But Karsten<BR>did nothing for us, no shows, no shirts, no vinyl version.... <BR>So the next release was split with BEHEMOTH and then we decided to record<BR>for him MCD to fulfill the deal, not a full-length album. He covered the<BR>costs, but we waited a long time for CD's. We spent a lot money for faxes,<BR>telephones to him etc. I think he is not good working with the bands. <BR>Fuck Off and Die to Karsten!" <BR>  <BR>In fact, there were way _more_ people telling me the same thing about<BR>Karsten @ LEP. However I can't cite 'em nor even mention their names because<BR>the bands they take part in, are still signed to Last Episode, and<BR>obviously, the guys have had enough shit already... Enough in order to avoid<BR>gaining even more problems. <BR>  <BR>And just by the way, "Quaerite Lux In Tenebris", the second CD by<BR>ROSSOMAHAAR, has to be out on 19th of November 2001. One doesn't need to be<BR>a clairvoyant in order to say for sure there won't be any CD released. I<BR>hope so too, actually. <BR><BR>Kai Mathias Stalhammar, <BR>on behalf of ROSSOMAHAAR <BR><BR>Markus Wosgien / LEP &lt;markus@last-episode.de&gt; <BR>Karsten Jacob / LEP &lt;karsten@last-episode.de&gt; <BR>                    &lt;rosi@last-episode.de&gt; <BR>  <BR>P.S. Here's what our studio told Karsten: <BR><BR>"Good evening. <BR>This is Yaroslav from Cdm Records Studio writing you. <BR>This message is about the band called ROSSOMAHAAR which booked our <BR>studio to record their album this July (07.2001). We let them record in <BR>advance because I personally knew the guys before and was sure they will <BR>pay us in time. Unfortunately, this did not happen. Almost two months <BR>passed and we saw no money payd to us. The problem consists in that we <BR>will erase the master-cd by the end of september if there will be no <BR>money payd. I guess it's not your problem, but the guys from Rossomahaar <BR>told me they cannot afford to cover the studio costs now, and not even <BR>later, and told me to contact you as their recording label. <BR>This letter is just to let you know about the problem that maybe you <BR>didn't know about. <BR>I'm really sorry to say that, but we're tired of waiting. This is not <BR>professional from the band's side. Please tell them at least to respect <BR>others' work and be a bit greatful. <BR><BR>Best regards / <BR>Yaroslav at Cdm Records Studio" <BR><BR>If you didn't get the point, check this mail once again... The master-CD was<BR>to be destroyed by the end of September, however Karsten managed to reply<BR>Yaroslav only on 24th of OCTOBER... A nice guy he is, isn't he? <BR>  <BR>  <BR>

### Mayhem 2004 Chimera. Не верю своим ушам!!!!

A-n 20.05.2004 18:04:
Я его постоянно пасу. Вместе с Gardens Of Gehenna. Все никак! :(<BR><BR>    Блять, кто купит если, напишите плз! Чтобы знал, что можно ехать брать..

### Mayhem 2004 Chimera. Не верю своим ушам!!!!

Kit 20.05.2004 19:13:
Я, кстати, на Горбе какой-то Gardens Of Gehenna видел..

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Soulside 13.10.2007 10:21:
Практически все диски, за исключением 2-3 позиций в идеальном состоянии. <BR>Территория продажи: Москва, Ярославль, Кострома.<BR>Обо всем спрашивайте по <BR><BR>demonofthefall@list.ru<BR><BR>Лицензия<BR><BR>Abandoned - Thrash Notes	Soyuz		50<BR>Abigor - Satanized (A Journey Through Cosmic Infinity)	Irond		50<BR>Aborted - The Archaic Abattoir	Fono		50<BR>Aion (Pol) - Reconciliation	Irond		50<BR>Akercocke - The Goat of Mendes	Soyuz		50<BR>Amorphis - The Karelian Isthmus/Privilege of Evil	Irond		50<BR>Amorphis - Tuonela	Irond		50<BR>Ancient Ceremony - Synagoga Diabolica	Irond		50<BR>Arch Enemy - Anthems of Rebellion	Fono		50<BR>Battlelore - Evernight	Irond		50<BR>Behemoth (Pol) - Pandemonic Incantations	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Behemoth (Pol) - Zos Kia Cultus (Here and Beyond)	Irond		50<BR>Broken Hope - Repulsive Conception	Fono		50<BR>Collapse 7 - In Deep Silence	Irond		50<BR>Control Denied - The Fragile Art of Existence	Irond		50<BR>Crowpath - red on chrome	Soyuz		50<BR>Cryptopsy - Once Was Not	Fono		50<BR>Dark Tranquillity - Haven	Fono		50<BR>Deranged (Swe) - High on Blood	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Disbelief - Spreading the Rage	AMG		50<BR>Elis - God's Silence, Devil's Temptation	Irond		50<BR>Empyrium - A Wintersunset...	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Empyrium - Songs of Moors and Misty Fields	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Empyrium - Weiland	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Empyrium - Where at Night the Wood Grouse Plays	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Gardens of Gehenna - Mechanism Masochism	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Horrified (Grc) - Deus Diabolus Inversus	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Iced Earth - The Glorious Burden	Soyuz		50<BR>Immortal (Nor) - Sons of Northern Darkness	Irond		50<BR>Kataklysm - In The Arms of Devastation	Irond		50<BR>Lord Belial - The Seal Of Belial	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Madder Mortem - All Flesh is Grass	Mystic Empire		50<BR>Monstrosity (US) - Rise To Power	Fono		50<BR>Moray Eel - Psycho: Delusion	Soyuz		50<BR>Mucupurulent - Soul Reaver	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Nightshade (Swe) - Wielding The Scythe	Irond		50<BR>Novembre - Dreams D'Azure	Fono		50<BR>Persuader - The Hunter	Soyuz		50<BR>Runemagick - Requiem of the Apocalypse	Irond		50<BR>Sepultura - Dante XXI	Soyuz		50<BR>Sinister (Hol) - Savage or Grace	Irond		50<BR>Spiritual Beggars - Demons	Soyuz		50<BR>Stonesoure - Come What(ever) may	Universal		50<BR>Susperia - Predominance	Irond		50<BR>Solstafir - Til Valhallar	Oskorei Music		50<BR>The Lust - Tangled	Fono		50<BR>Threshold (UK) - Dead Reckoning	Irond		50<BR>Thy Disease - Neurotic World Of Guilt	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Tidfall - Instinct Gate	Irond		50<BR>Tidfall - Nucleus	Irond		50<BR>Venom - Metal Black	Soyuz		50<BR>Virtuocity - Secret Visions	Fono		50<BR>Visceral Evisceration - Incessant Desire for Palatable Flesh	Irond		50<BR>Vomitory (Swe) - Terrorize Brutalize Sodomize	Fono		50<BR>Yyrkoon - Unhealthy Opera	Fono		50<BR><BR><BR>Фирма			<BR>			<BR>A Mind Confused - Anarchos	Near Dark Productions		100<BR>A Perfect Circle - eMotive	Virgin rec		350<BR>After Forever - After Forever 	Nuclear Blast	Digipack version 	350<BR>Akercocke - Words That Go Unspoken, Deeds That Go Undone	Earache Records		300<BR>Bethlehem (Ger) - Dictius Te Necare	Red Stream		200<BR>Bethlehem (Ger) - Sardonischer Untergang im Zeichen irreligiцser Darbietung	Red Stream		200<BR>Deimos - Never Be Awaken	Wroth Emitter		50<BR>Empyrium - A Retrospective	Prophecy Productions	Digibook	350<BR>Korovakill - Waterhells	Red Stream		150<BR>Mortuary (Fra) - Agony In Red	Anvil Corp.		50 (диск царапанный, но проигрывается без проблем)<BR>Opeth - Ghost Reveries	Roadrunner Records		350<BR>Sear Bliss - Glory and Perdition	Red Stream		150<BR>Skepticism - Farmakon	Red Stream		150<BR>Soulreaper - Written In Blood	Nuclear Blast		200<BR>Unsilence - A Walk Through Oceans	Golden Lake Productions		50<BR>Watchmaker - Kill. Fucking. Everyone.	Earache Records		50 (мятый задник, диск царапаный но проигрывается без проблем)<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Soulside 26.10.2007 19:20:
Все что осталось<BR>Контакт: demonofthefall@list.ru<BR><BR>Лицензия<BR>Aion (Pol) - Reconciliation	Irond		50<BR>Ancient Ceremony - Synagoga Diabolica	Irond		50<BR>Collapse 7 - In Deep Silence	Irond		50<BR>Gardens of Gehenna - Mechanism Masochism	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Horrified (Grc) - Deus Diabolus Inversus	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Lord Belial - The Seal Of Belial	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Mucupurulent - Soul Reaver	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Nightshade (Swe) - Wielding The Scythe	Irond		50<BR>Runemagick - Requiem of the Apocalypse	Irond		50<BR>Susperia - Predominance	Irond		50<BR>Solstafir - Til Valhallar	Oskorei Music		50<BR>Thy Disease - Neurotic World Of Guilt	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Tidfall - Instinct Gate	Irond		50<BR>Tidfall - Nucleus	Irond		50<BR>Virtuocity - Secret Visions	Fono		50<BR>Visceral Evisceration - Incessant Desire for Palatable Flesh	Irond		50<BR><BR>Фирма			<BR>			<BR>A Mind Confused - Anarchos	Near Dark Productions		100<BR>A Perfect Circle - eMotive	Virgin rec		350<BR>After Forever - After Forever 	Nuclear Blast	Digipack version 	350<BR>Akercocke - Words That Go Unspoken, Deeds That Go Undone	Earache Records		300<BR>Bethlehem (Ger) - Dictius Te Necare	Red Stream		200<BR>Bethlehem (Ger) - Sardonischer Untergang im Zeichen irreligiцser Darbietung	Red Stream		200<BR>Christ Agony - Elysium	Metal Mind Records		150<BR>Deimos - Never Be Awaken	Wroth Emitter		50<BR>Mistweaver (Esp) - Dream's Domain	Medusa / Zero		100<BR>Korovakill - Waterhells	Red Stream		150<BR>Mortuary (Fra) - Agony In Red	Anvil Corp.		50<BR>Opeth - Ghost Reveries	Roadrunner Records		350<BR>Phaze I - Phaze I	Scarlet Rec.		200<BR>Sacramentum - Thy Black Destiny	Century Media		200<BR>Sear Bliss - Glory and Perdition	Red Stream		150<BR>Skepticism - Farmakon	Red Stream		150<BR>Soulreaper - Written In Blood	Nuclear Blast		200<BR>Unsilence - A Walk Through Oceans	Golden Lake Productions		50<BR>Watchmaker - Kill. Fucking. Everyone.	Earache Records		50<BR><BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

brazenhead 03.11.2007 14:11:
чуток ненужностей:<BR>лицензия - 80р, пиратка(с книжкой) - 40(50), фирма - 150<BR><BR>Eternal Mourning - Delusion&dementia - 2001 - Cd-maximum - Doom<BR>My shameful - Of all the wrong things - 2003 - Cd-maximum - Funeral doom<BR>Shape of despair - Angels of distress - 2001 - Fono - Funeral doom<BR>Shape of despair - Shades of.. - 2000 - Fono - Funeral doom<BR>Vanitas - Das leben ein traum - 2000 - Cd-maximum - Dark<BR>Septic Flesh - A fallen temple - 1998 - Irond - Original death-doom<BR>Gardens of gehenna - Mechanism masochism - 2001 - Cd-maximum - Gothic doom-death<BR>Pan.Thy.Monium - Dawn of dreams / Khaoos 2cd - 1992/1993 - Cd-maximum - Original death<BR><BR>Emperor - IX Equilibrium/Live in frostland vol.1 - 1999/1998 - Пиратка Agat - Black<BR>Funeris Nocturnum - Pure satanic blasphemy - 2000 - Cd-maximum - Black<BR>Belphegor - Lucifer incestus - 2003 - Irond - Black-death<BR>Behemoth - Thelema.6 - 2001 - Irond - Black-death<BR><BR>Graveworm - Scourge of Malice - 2001 - Пиратка, только диск - Black<BR>Anorexia Nervosa - New obscurantis order - 2001 - Fono - Sympho-black<BR>Dimmu Borgir - Enthrone darkness triumphant - 1997 - Irond - Sympho-black<BR>Dimmu Borgir - Puritanic euphoric misanthropia - 2001 - Irond - Sympho-black<BR>Cradle of filth - Bitter suites to succubi - 2001 - Irond - Sympho-black<BR>Cradle of filth - Lovecraft & witch hearts 2cd - 2002 - Пиратка - Sympho-black<BR>Cradle of filth - Cruelty and the beast - 1998 - Пиратка - Sympho-black<BR>Cradle of filth - Midian/Sodomizing the virgin vamps - 2000/1994 - Пиратка Agat - Sympho-black<BR><BR>Asmegin - Hin vorde nde sod so - 2003 - Irond - Viking/Folk<BR>Otyg - Sagovindars boning - 1999 - Irond - Viking/Folk<BR>Falkenbach - ..en their medh riki fara - 1996 - Пиратка с книжкой - Viking/Folk<BR>Mithotyn - In the sign of the raven - 1997 - Fono - Viking/Folk<BR><BR>Dying fetus - Killing on adrenaline - 1998 - Cd-maximum - Brutal Death<BR>Vile - Depopulate - 2002 - Cd-maximum - Brutal Death<BR>Hate Eternal - King of all kings - 2002 - Soyuz - Brutal Death<BR>Gorgasm - Masticate to dominate - 2003 - Unique leader - Brutal Death<BR>Disgorge (Usa) - She lay gutted - 1999 - Unique leader - Brutal Death<BR>Obscenity - Cold blooded murder - 2002 - Cd-maximum - Brutal Death<BR>Morbid Angel - Domination/Abomination of desolation vol.1 - 1995/1986 - Пиратка Agat - Brutal Death<BR>Morbid Angel - Gateways to annihilation/Abomination of desolation vol.2 - 2000/1986 - Пиратка Agat - Brutal Death<BR>Pungent Stench - Ampeauty - 2004 - Irond - Death<BR>Disgorge (Mex) - Necrholocaust - 2003 - Xtreem Music - Gore grind<BR>Disgorge (Mex) - Forensick - 2001 - Cd-maximum - Gore grind<BR>Haemorrhage - Anatomic inferno - 1998 - Cd-maximum - Gore grind<BR>Antares - Made in fear - 2003 - Cd-maximum - Technical death<BR>Wayd - Decadance - 2003 - Cd-maximum - Technical death<BR>Grimfist - Ghouls of grandeur - 2003 - Irond - Thrash-black<BR>Konkhra - Reality check - 2003 - Cd-maximum - Thrash-death<BR><BR>кто возьмёт черноты пачку - грейвворм получит в подарок.)<BR><BR>freehat(at)pisem.net

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Soulside 08.12.2007 14:05:
Немного лицензии и фирмы<BR>контакт: demonofthefall@list.ru (89065201368)<BR><BR>Лицензия			<BR><BR>Aion (Pol) - Reconciliation	Irond		50<BR>Ancient Ceremony - Synagoga Diabolica	Irond		50<BR>Behemoth - Demigod	Irond		50<BR>Collapse 7 - In Deep Silence	Irond		50<BR>Gardens of Gehenna - Mechanism Masochism	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Horrified (Grc) - Deus Diabolus Inversus	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Lord Belial - The Seal Of Belial	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Mucupurulent - Soul Reaver	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Nightshade (Swe) - Wielding The Scythe	Irond		50<BR>Opeth - Morningrise	Irond		50<BR>Opeth - My Arms Your Hears	Irond		50<BR>Opeth - Orchid	Irond		50<BR>Opeth - Still Life	Irond		50<BR>Orphaned Land - Mabool	Fono		50<BR>Runemagick - Requiem of the Apocalypse	Irond		50<BR>Solstafir - Til Valhallar	Oskorei Music		50<BR>Susperia - Predominance	Irond		50<BR>Thy Disease - Neurotic World Of Guilt	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Tidfall - Instinct Gate	Irond		50<BR>Tidfall - Nucleus	Irond		50<BR>Trail Of  Tears - Profondemonium	Irond		50<BR>Virtuocity - Secret Visions	Fono		50<BR>Visceral Evisceration - Incessant Desire for Palatable Flesh	Irond		50<BR><BR><BR>Фирма			<BR>			<BR>A Perfect Circle - eMotive	Virgin rec		350<BR>After Forever - After Forever 	Nuclear Blast	Digipack version 	350<BR>Akercocke - Words That Go Unspoken, Deeds That Go Undone	Earache Records		300<BR>Bethlehem (Ger) - Dictius Te Necare	Red Stream		200<BR>Bethlehem (Ger) - Sardonischer Untergang im Zeichen irreligiцser Darbietung	Red Stream		200<BR>Blood Red Throne - Affiliated With The Suffering + bonus tracks	Karmageddon Media		200<BR>Blood Red Throne - Monument Of Death + bonus tracks	Karmageddon Media		200<BR>Deimos - Never Be Awaken	Wroth Emitter		50<BR>Deinonychus - Insomnia	My Kingdom Music		200<BR>Deinonychus - Mournument	My Kingdom Music		200<BR>Mistweaver (Esp) - Dream's Domain	Medusa / Zero		100<BR>Mortuary (Fra) - Agony In Red	Anvil Corp.		50<BR>Opeth - Ghost Reveries	Roadrunner Records		350<BR>Phaze I - Phaze I	Scarlet Rec.		200<BR>Sear Bliss - Glory and Perdition	Red Stream		150<BR>Skepticism - Farmakon	Red Stream		150<BR>Soulreaper - Written In Blood	Nuclear Blast		200<BR>Trepalium - Through The Absurd	Holy Records		200<BR>Unsilence - A Walk Through Oceans	Golden Lake Productions		50<BR>Watchmaker - Kill. Fucking. Everyone.	Earache Records		50<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Headcrusher 23.08.2008 12:34:
Фирма и лицензия на продажу<BR><BR><B>Лицензия</B>:<BR>Aion (Pol) - Reconciliation	Irond		50<BR>Ancient Ceremony - Synagoga Diabolica	Irond		50<BR>ANCIENT CEREMONY - THE THIRD TESTAMENT	Irond		50<BR>Bloodthorn - Genocide	Irond		50<BR>Betray My Secrets - Betray My Secrets	Irond		50<BR>Darkthrone - Soulside Joureney	Soyuz		50<BR>DEW-SCENTED - INWARDS	Irond		50<BR>Estatic Fear - Sombre Dance	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Evereve - Seasons	Irond		50<BR>Evereve - Stormbird	Irond		50<BR>Evereve - E Mania	AMG		50<BR>EVERGREY  - In search for truth	Soyuz		50<BR>EVERGREY  - Inner Circle	Soyuz		50<BR>EVERGREY  - Recreation day	Soyuz		50<BR>Evergrey - Monday Morning Apocalyps	Soyuz		50<BR>Gardens of Gehenna - Mechanism Masochism	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Godgory - Way Beyound	Irond		50<BR>Godgory - Ressurection	Irond		50<BR>Godgory - Sea of Dreams/ Shadow's dance	Fono	2CD	100<BR>Horrified (Grc) - Deus Diabolus Inversus	CD-Maximum		50<BR>IN FLAMES - THE JESTER RACE	Irond		50<BR>Katatonia - Viva Emptines	Soyuz		50<BR>Klimt 1918 - Dopoguerra	CD-Maximum	2CD	100<BR>Morgul - All Dead Here	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Morgul - Sketch Of Supposed Murderer	Fono		50<BR>Morgul - The Horror Grandeur	Fono		50<BR>Mucupurulent - Soul Reaver	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Nightshade (Swe) - Wielding The Scythe	Irond		50<BR>Novembre - Classica	Mystic Empire		50<BR>Novembre - Novembrine Waltz	Mystic Empire		50<BR>Rotting Christ - Sanctus Diavolos	Fono		50<BR>ORPHANAGE - INSIDE	Irond		<BR>Subaudition - The Scope	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Susperia - Predominance	Irond		50<BR>The Great Deceiver - Terra Incognito	Soyuz		100<BR>Thy Disease - Neurotic World Of Guilt	CD-Maximum		50<BR>Tiamat - A deeper kind of slumber	Fono		50<BR>Tidfall - Instinct Gate	Irond		50<BR>Tidfall - Nucleus	Irond		50<BR>Trail Of tears - New dimension of might	Irond		50<BR>Sorg - Enigma Frotesque	Irond		50<BR>VIRGIN BLACK - Elegant and Dying	AMG		50<BR>Virtuocity - Secret Visions	Fono		50<BR><BR><B>Promo</B>:			<BR>After All - The Vermin Breed	Dockyard 1	картонный конверт	50<BR>Office of Strategic Influence - Free	InsideOut Music	картонный конверт	50<BR>Dream Evil - United	Century Media	картонный конверт	50<BR>Hatesphere - sickness within/Reaper of life	Steamhammer	slim box	50<BR>Tommy Bolin - Whispers and Roses vol.1	Steamhammer	slim box	50<BR>Deeds Of Flesh - Inbreeding The Antropophagi	Repulse	slim box	400

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Житель тридесятого государства 28.08.2008 19:00:
Dr Death "Preapocalyptic Visions"<BR>Gardens of Gehenna "Mortem Saluta"<BR>Godkiller "The End Of The World"<BR>HAIL OF BULLETS "... of frost & war"<BR>LEVIATHAN "Massive conspiracy..."<BR>LOWBROW "Victims at play"<BR>NEHEMAH "Requiem tenebrae"<BR>SHINING "angst"<BR><BR>может кто сможет продать - я бы купил

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Non Serviam 19.09.2009 15:22:
+<BR>Gardens Of Gehenna - Dead Body Music (Last Episode) NEW death-doom<BR>Gardens Of Gehenna - Mechanism Masochism (Grau) NEW<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sales 23.10.2009 13:12:
Artist	Album	Лейбл	Формат<BR>69 EYES	Wasting The Dawn 	Roadrunner	CD<BR>ANOREXIA NERVOSA	Redeption Process	Listenable Records	CD<BR>ARCHANGEL	Natural Born Messiah	Lucretia Records	CD-digi-mini<BR>ARMIA	CD + DVD Triodante	Metal Mind Records	CD-digi+DVD (в отдельной упаковке)<BR>ARNOCORPS	The Greatest Band Of All Time	Anticulture Records	CD<BR>ARTROSIS	CD Ukryty Wymiar + DVD Live in Krakow	Metal Mind Records	CD+DVD (в отдельной упаковке)<BR>ATROCITY feat. DAS ICH	Die Liebe	Swan Lake / Massacre	CD-digi<BR>AYDRA	Icon Of Sin	MSP 01 ed	CD-digi<BR>BESEECH	Souls Highway	Napalm	CD-digi<BR>BETHZAIDA	a prilude to Nine Worlds	Season of Mist	CD-mini<BR>BETHZAIDA	LXXVIII	Season of Mist	CD<BR>BETHZAIDA	Nine Worlds	Season of Mist	CD<BR>BIF NAKED	Bif Naked	Her Royal Majesty/Edel	CD<BR>BLOOD DUSTER	The Shape Of Death To Come	Season Of Mist	DVD<BR>BLOOD RED ANGEL	The State Of Insanity	Gutter	CD<BR>BLOODSHED	Inhabitans of Dis 	Code 666	CD-digi<BR>BLOODSHED	Skullerusher	Code 666	CD-digi-mini album<BR>BLUDGEON	DVD Crucified Live / CD Crucify The Priest	Magic Circle Music / Nuclear Blast	DVD+CD<BR>CANDLEMASS	Ancient Dreams	GMR Music Group	2 CD-slim<BR>CANDLEMASS	Tales Of Creation	GMR Music Group	2 CD-slim<BR>CARNAL FORGE	Destroy Live	Century Media	DVD<BR>CEMETERY OF SCREAM	CD Sameone + CD EP Fin de Siecle	Metal Mind Records	CD+CD (в отдельной упаковке)<BR>CIDESPHERE	interment…	Hammer Music	CD<BR>CLIENT	Heartland	Out Of Line	CD+DVD-digi<BR>CORRUPTION	Hellectrify Yourself	Metal Mind Records	DVD<BR>DE CREW	Asyouteachme	Ammonia Records	CD<BR>D'EVIL LEECH PROJECT	Bleed Your Mind	Ragingplanet/ArtSide	CD<BR>DRASTIC	Thieves of Kisses	Beyond… Prod.	CD-digi<BR>DRAWN	Plan Be	Prophecy Prod.	CD<BR>EINHERJER	Dragons Of The North	Napalm	CD<BR>EMPEROR	Anthems To The Welkin At Dusk 	Candlelight	CD<BR>EPOCH OF UNLIGHT	Black & Crimson Glory	Y.F.L.H.D.	CD-mini<BR>ETERNAL GRAY	Kindless	Raven Music	CD<BR>FOREST OF SOULS	Contes et Legends d'Efeanday	Adipocere	CD-digi<BR>FORGOTTEN SILENCE	Thots	Obscene	CD<BR>GARDENS OF GEHENNA	Mortem Saluta	Shiver Records	CD<BR>GAUDA PAVONIS	Controversial Alchemy	Fawa Records	CD<BR>GAUDA PAVONIS	Pistols At Dawn	Fawa Records	CD<BR>GODS TOWER	Ebony Birds	Prophecy Prod.	CD<BR>GOREFEST	La Muerte	Nuclear Blast	CD+DVD-slim case<BR>GRAVE FLOWERS	Solace Me	Serenades	CD<BR>GREYSWAN	Thought-Tormented Minds	Ebony Tears	CD<BR>HYPNOS	Hypnos 	Morbid Records	CD-mini<BR>HYPNOS	In Blood We Trust	Morbid Records	CD<BR>HYPNOS	The Revenge Ride	Morbid Records	CD<BR>IMPERFECTUS BULTUS	Saponaceous	Vinny Records	CD<BR>INFERNO	Downtown Hades	Osmose Prod.	CD<BR>INKUBUS SUKKUBUS	Supernature	Resurrection Records	CD<BR>INKUBUS SUKKUBUS	Wild	Resurrection Records	CD<BR>INTERLOCK	Crisis//Reinvention	Anticulture Records	CD<BR>KATATONIA	The Black Sessions	Peaceville	2CD+DVD<BR>KRAMM	Coeur	Syntetic Simphony/SPV	CD<BR><BR>cdlpmc@yandex.ru

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sales 31.10.2009 20:51:
Artist	Album	Лейбл	Формат	Описание<BR>69 EYES	Wasting The Dawn 	Roadrunner	CD	<BR>ANOREXIA NERVOSA	Redeption Process	Listenable Records	CD	<BR>ARTROSIS	CD Ukryty Wymiar + DVD Live in Krakow	Metal Mind Records	CD+DVD (в отдельной упаковке)	Gothic Metal from Poland / <A HREF="http://artrosis.rockmetal.art.pl" TARGET="_blank">http://artrosis.rockmetal.art.pl</A><BR>ATROCITY feat. DAS ICH	Die Liebe	Swan Lake / Massacre	CD-digi	<BR>AYDRA	Icon Of Sin	MSP 01 ed	CD-digi	Ltd-edition/copy #8 / Techno-thrash-death from Italy / <A HREF="http://www.aydra.com" TARGET="_blank">http://www.aydra.com</A> / <A HREF="http://www.eclipse.bestweb.ru/reviews/545.html" TARGET="_blank">http://www.eclipse.bestweb.ru/reviews/545.html</A><BR>BETHZAIDA	a prilude to Nine Worlds	Season of Mist	CD-mini	ltd-edition, 348 копия, 20.40 мин. звучания/диск в форме топора Тора<BR>BETHZAIDA	LXXVIII	Season of Mist	CD	<BR>BETHZAIDA	Nine Worlds	Season of Mist	CD	<BR>BLOOD DUSTER	The Shape Of Death To Come	Season Of Mist	DVD	Grind Core from Australia / <A HREF="http://www.bloodduster.com" TARGET="_blank">http://www.bloodduster.com</A><BR>BLOOD RED ANGEL	The State Of Insanity	Gutter	CD	<BR>BLOODSHED	Inhabitans of Dis 	Code 666	CD-digi	Ltd-edition / Невероятная смесь Merciless, Marduk и Nile, в результате чего и получился этот зубодробительный шведский Death/Black Metal опус<BR>BLOODSHED	Skullerusher	Code 666	CD-digi-mini album	Black Death from Sweden <BR>BLUDGEON	DVD Crucified Live / CD Crucify The Priest	Magic Circle Music / Nuclear Blast	DVD+CD	Death Black Metal from Chicago USA / <A HREF="http://www.bludgeon.tv" TARGET="_blank">http://www.bludgeon.tv</A><BR>CANDLEMASS	Ancient Dreams	GMR Music Group	2 CD-slim	2CD SET Remastered version of this doom classic. With bonus CD including video and previosly unreleased demo tracks.<BR>CANDLEMASS	Tales Of Creation	GMR Music Group	2 CD-slim	2CD SET Remastered version of this doom classic. With bonus CD including video and previosly unreleased demo tracks.<BR>CEMETERY OF SCREAM	CD Sameone + CD EP Fin de Siecle	Metal Mind Records	CD+CD (в отдельной упаковке)	Doom Gothic Metal from Poland / <A HREF="http://www.cemeteryofscream.com" TARGET="_blank">http://www.cemeteryofscream.com</A><BR>CIDESPHERE	interment…	Hammer Music	CD	<BR>CLIENT	Heartland	Out Of Line	CD+DVD-digi	Limited Edition<BR>CORRUPTION	Hellectrify Yourself	Metal Mind Records	DVD	Doom Death Stoner from Poland / <A HREF="http://corruption.rockmetal.art.pl" TARGET="_blank">http://corruption.rockmetal.art.pl</A><BR>CRO-MAGS	Age Of Quarrel		CD - Rare bootleg	Punk Hardcore Crossover Thrash Metal / <A HREF="http://www.cro-mags.com" TARGET="_blank">http://www.cro-mags.com</A><BR>DE CREW	Asyouteachme	Ammonia Records	CD	Italian punk-hardcore band / <A HREF="http://www.decrew.net" TARGET="_blank">http://www.decrew.net</A><BR>D'EVIL LEECH PROJECT	Bleed Your Mind	Ragingplanet/ArtSide	CD	Death Metal from Portugal /  Includes multimedia + video / www.devileechproject.com<BR>DRASTIC	Thieves of Kisses	Beyond… Prod.	CD-digi	Ltd Edition / Dark Metal<BR>DRAWN	Plan Be	Prophecy Prod.	CD	<BR>EINHERJER	Dragons Of The North	Napalm	CD	<BR>EMPEROR	Anthems To The Welkin At Dusk 	Candlelight	CD	<BR>ENTS 	Te Rat O Logie	C1D Productions/Seth Rec.	CD-digi	Dark Powerfull Metal with female vocal from France / <A HREF="http://www.myspace.com/eths" TARGET="_blank">http://www.myspace.com/eths</A><BR>EPOCH OF UNLIGHT	Black & Crimson Glory	Y.F.L.H.D.	CD-mini	Melodic Death/Black Metal from USA / <A HREF="http://www.myspace.com/epochofunlight" TARGET="_blank">http://www.myspace.com/epochofunlight</A><BR>FOREST OF SOULS	Contes et Legends d'Efeanday	Adipocere	CD-digi	LTD-edition/bonus track<BR>FORGOTTEN SILENCE	Thots	Obscene	CD	<BR>GARDENS OF GEHENNA	Mortem Saluta	Shiver Records	CD	<BR>GAUDA PAVONIS	Controversial Alchemy	Fawa Records	CD	The British Dark Romantic Band  / <A HREF="http://www.gaudapavonis.com" TARGET="_blank">http://www.gaudapavonis.com</A> / <A HREF="http://www.lastfm.ru/music/Cauda" TARGET="_blank">http://www.lastfm.ru/music/Cauda</A>+Pavonis<BR>GAUDA PAVONIS	Pistols At Dawn	Fawa Records	CD	The British Dark Romantic Band  / <A HREF="http://www.gaudapavonis.com" TARGET="_blank">http://www.gaudapavonis.com</A> / <A HREF="http://www.lastfm.ru/music/Cauda" TARGET="_blank">http://www.lastfm.ru/music/Cauda</A>+Pavonis<BR>GODS TOWER	Ebony Birds	Prophecy Prod.	CD	<BR>GODZILLA SUSHI	Godzilla Sushi	Terra Zone / ZYX Music	CD	<BR>GOREFEST	La Muerte	Nuclear Blast	CD+DVD-slim case	Limited Edition with Bonustracks<BR>GRAVE FLOWERS	Solace Me	Serenades	CD	<BR>GREYSWAN	Thought-Tormented Minds	Ebony Tears	CD	Dark Gothic from Italy / <A HREF="http://www.greyswan.too.it" TARGET="_blank">http://www.greyswan.too.it</A><BR>GUTWORM	Ruin The Memory	Anticulture Records	CD	Death Metal/Metalcore from UK / <A HREF="http://www.gutworm.com" TARGET="_blank">http://www.gutworm.com</A><BR>HYPNOS	Hypnos 	Morbid Records	CD-mini	<BR>HYPNOS	In Blood We Trust	Morbid Records	CD	<BR>HYPNOS	The Revenge Ride	Morbid Records	CD	

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

stepa 08.03.2012 12:55:
Фирма. Все новое, писать soundage@mail.ru<BR>/DVD Salem	Live Demise (death black)	350	<BR>	Aion	Noia (doom/gothic metal)	250	<BR>	Anastasis	Autumn	250	<BR>	Anastasis	The Right Way	250	<BR>	Anima Damnata	Agonizing journey… (death-black/grindcore)	250	<BR>	Azarath	Infernal Blasting (black metal/brutal metal)	250	<BR>	Azarath	Demon seed (black metal/brutal metal)	250	<BR>	Castigate	Bring me the head… (death grind)	250	<BR>	Chalice	Chronicles of dysphoria (gothic doom metal)	250	<BR>	Christ Agony	Trilogy (black metal)	250	<BR>	Company , the	Awaking under dogs	250	<BR>	Creutzfalltjacob	Wir lieben euch doch alle	250	<BR>	Crowbar	Obedience thru suffering (doom/sludge core)	250	<BR>	Crowbar	Past and Present (doom/sludge core)	250	<BR>	Darkside	Shadowfields	350	<BR>	Darkside	Melancholia of a Dying World (melodic death)	350	<BR>	Dungortheb	Intended to… (melodic tech death)	250	<BR>	Duskfall, the	Frailty (melodic death)	250	<BR>	Esqarial	Amorphous (tech death metal)	250	<BR>	Evoke	The Fury Written (death metal)	250	<BR>	Evoke	Dreaming the reality (old school death metal)	250	<BR>	Forced to Decay	Perkussive perlokution (death metal)	250	<BR>	Gardens of Gehenna	Mortem saluta (doom metal)	300	<BR>	Horrified	Deus diabolus inversus (melodic death)	250	<BR>	Krabathor	Dissuade Truth (death metal)	250	<BR>	Long Voyage Back	Long Voyage II (2CD) doom metal	250	<BR>	Lux Occulta	Major Arcana… (sympho black metal)	250	<BR>	Malevolent Creation	Joe Black	350	<BR>	Martyr	Murder X/ The end of the Game(death metal)	250	<BR>	Mercyless	Sure to be Pure (death/thrash/post metal)	350	<BR>	Moon	Satans wept (black metal)	250	<BR>	Morta Skuld	Surface (death metal)	250	<BR>	Necromantia	Covering evil… (2CD) black metal	350	<BR>	Pagan Records (сборник)	Behemoth,Vader… (digipack)	250	<BR>	Postmortem	The Call of the Sea	150	<BR>	Profanum	Profanum Aeternum… (black metal)	250	<BR>	Roadkill Comp.	Vader,Darkside,Malevolent Creation…	250	<BR>	Runemagick	Requiem of the apocalypse (doom/death)	250	<BR>	Sadist	Lego (tech death)	250	<BR>	Salem	Collective Demise (black death)	250	<BR>	Thou Art Lord	DV 8 (death metal)	250	<BR>	Trauma	Suffocated in Slumber (tech death)	250	<BR>	Tuatha de Danann	Tingaralatingadum (folk metal)	250	<BR>	Tuatha de Danann	The Delirium has just began… (folk metal)	250	<BR>	Tuatha de Danann	Tuatha de Danann (folk metal)	250	<BR>	Ultimate Swedish (сборник)	Unleashed,Nocturnal Obsession…	250	<BR>	Vader	De Profundis/Future of the past	350	<BR>	Vader	Kingdom	350	<BR>	Vader	Armageddon	350	<BR>	Vader	Black to the Blind…	350	<BR>	Vader	Live in Japan	350	<BR>	Vitamin X	One voice (thrash core)	250	<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

stepa 13.04.2012 20:57:
CD импорт. Новые. Писать soundage@mail.ru<BR>DVD - Salem	Live Demise 350	<BR>A Gruesome Find	-Of Blood and nobility digipack 350 Storm Surge<BR>Aion	-Noia 	250	<BR>All Shall Perish	-Hate.Malice.Revense 	250	AmputatedVein<BR>Anastasis	-Autumn	250	<BR>Anastasis	-The Right Way	250	<BR>Anima Damnata	-Agonizing journey… 	250	<BR>Azarath	-Infernal Blasting 250	<BR>Azarath	-Demon seed 	250	<BR>BLASPHEMY RITES -Hideous Lord 	250	Pagan Records<BR>BLAZE OF PERDITION	-The Hierophant 	250	Pagan Records<BR>Blodwen	-Black Symphony 	250	<BR>BLOODTHIRST	-Sanctity Denied 250	Pagan Records<BR>Cain`s Dinasty	-Madman,Witches… 250	<BR>Carnivorous Voracity	-Debasement Incarnated <BR>	250	AmputatedVein<BR>Castigate	-Bring me the head… 250	<BR>Cephalotripsy	-Uterovaginal insertion.. 250	AmputatedVein<BR>Chalice	-Chronicles of dysphoria 	250	<BR>Christ Agony	-Trilogy 	250	<BR>Company , the	-Awaking under dogs	250	<BR>Creutzfalltjacob	-Wir lieben euch doch alle	250	<BR>Crowbar	-Past and Present 250	<BR>Cyanosis	-Conceiving Abhorrence 	250	AmputatedVein<BR>Darkside	-Shadowfields	350	<BR>Darkside	-Melancholia of a Dying World 350	<BR>Daudehaud	-Nar Nature 	250	<BR>Dragged into Sunlight	-Hatred for Mankind 250	<BR>Dub Buk -Иду на Вы! 250	EastSide<BR>Dungortheb	- Intended to… 250<BR>Duskfall, the -Frailty 	250	<BR>Esqarial -Amorphous 	250	<BR>Eternal Ruin	- Decomposing salvation 250	AmputatedVein<BR>Eternal Ruin/Leukorrhea	-Denied Existence 250	AmputatedVein<BR>Evoke	-The Fury Written 250	<BR>Followbane	-Ceremonia 250	<BR>Furia	-Grudzien za grudniem 250	Pagan Records<BR>Furia	-Martwa polska jesien digipack 350	Pagan Records<BR>Gardens of Gehenna -Mortem saluta 250	<BR>Godless Truth -Irrogance of Supreme Power (brutal metal)	250	AmputatedVein<BR>Gontyna Kry -Arystokracja Ducha 	250	EastSide<BR>Goratory- Rice on Suede 	250	AmputatedVein<BR>Goratory- Orgasm Induced Diarrhea 250	AmputatedVein<BR>Graveland	-Prawo Stali (digipack+poster) 400	<BR>Hammer Horde -Vinlander 250	Storm Surge<BR>Hammer Horde -Under the mighty... digipack	350	Storm Surge<BR>Hellveto -Kry digipack 350	Pagan Records<BR>Hermh -Eden's Fire  digipack 350	Pagan Records<BR>Horrified -Deus diabolus inversus 250	<BR>Introrectalgestation -Hooves og Human teeth 	250	AmputatedVein<BR>Jar- Niesiem Plon 250	EastSide<BR>Krabathor- Dissuade Truth 	250	<BR>Long Voyage Back -Long Voyage II 250	<BR>Lux Occulta	- Major Arcana…250	<BR>Malevolent Creation -Joe Black	350	<BR>Martyr -Murder X/ The end of the Game 250	<BR>MASSEMORD -The Madness Tongue… 250	Pagan Records<BR>Mercyless -Sure to be Pure 350	<BR>Moon	-Satans wept 250	<BR>MORDHELL	-Suffer In Hell 250 Pagan Records<BR>Morta Skuld -Surface 250	<BR>Natural Spirit -Цiна свободi 250	<BR>Necromantia -Covering evil… (2CD) 350	<BR>Niflheim -Personae 250	<BR>North	- Na Polach bitew 250	Pagan Records<BR>Oblivionized	-Abhorrent Evolution 	250	AmputatedVein<BR>Opera Magna -Poe 250	<BR>Profanum -Profanum Aeternum… 250	<BR>Quelonio -Vicio y Virtud 	250	<BR>Roadkill Comp. -Vader,Darkside,Malevolent Creation…	250	<BR>Salem	 -Collective Demise 250	<BR>Senered Crotch -The Nature of Entropy 250	AmputatedVein<BR>Slaughterbox -The Ubiquity of Subjugation 250	AmputatedVein<BR>Stillborn -Manifesto de Blasfemia 250	Pagan Records<BR>Strandhogg	-Ritualistic plague…250	Pagan Records<BR>Suidakra	-Book of Dowth (Japan edition +4 bonus) 450	<BR>Thou Art Lord	-DV 8 250	<BR>Throneum	-Deathcult conspiracy 250	Pagan Records<BR>THRONEUM	-Death Throne Entities 250	Pagan Records<BR>Throneum	-Bestial antihuman evil  digipack	350	Pagan Records<BR>Trauma	-Suffocated in Slumber 	250	<BR>Tribute to Kat -Behemoth,Vader… (digipack)	350	<BR>Tuatha de Danann -Tingaralatingadum 250	<BR>Tuatha de Danann -The Delirium has just began…	250	<BR>Tuatha de Danann -Tuatha de Danann 250	<BR>Ultimate Swedish (сборник)	-Unleashed,Nocturnal Obsession…	250	<BR>Vader	- De Profundis/Future of the past (2cd)	350	<BR>Vader -Kingdom	350	<BR>Vader	-Armageddon	350	<BR>Vader	-Black to the Blind… (2cd)	350	<BR>Vader	-Live in Japan (2cd)	350	<BR>Visceral -Disgorge	Ingesting putridity 250	AmputatedVein<BR>Vitamin X -One voice 250	<BR>Vulvectomy	-Putrescent clitoral…250	AmputatedVein<BR>Wolves of Avalon -The	Carrion Crows over Camlan 250

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

stepa 06.06.2012 20:21:
Продолжение<BR>Darkside Shadowfields 350<BR>Darkside Melancholia of a Dying World (melodic death) 350<BR>Daudehaud Nar Nature (Norwegian black) 250<BR>DEAD TO EARTH - VOLKEINBLUCHT - IDVARP Three Way Split (black metal) 160,00<BR>Death Over Threat Sangre (thrash) 250,00<BR>Death Toll 80k Harsh Realities (grind) 250,00<BR>Deathraiser Violent Aggression (thrash metal) 250,00<BR>Dementor Faithless (brutal death) 250<BR>Desecration Forensix (cult death metal) 250,00<BR>Desecresy Arches of Entropy (death metal) 250,00<BR>Deteriorot The Faithless (death metal) 250,00<BR>Diftery Trepa-Nation (brutal) 250,00<BR>Disentomb Sunken Chambers of Nephilim (brutal death) 250,00<BR>Disgorge (MEX) Gore Blessed to the Worms 250,00<BR>Disgorge (mex) Gore Blessed to the Worms (brutal death metal) 250<BR>Dominus Xul To the Glory of the Ancient Ones (death metal) 250<BR>Dragged into Sunlight Hatred for Mankind (death black) 250<BR>Dub Buk Иду на Вы! (pagan folk black metal) 250<BR>Dub Buk Мертвi сорому не ймуть (pagan black) 250<BR>Dungortheb Intended to… (melodic tech death) 250<BR>Duskfall, the Frailty (melodic death) 250<BR>DVD Gathering of Shadows сборник black metal USA: Demoncy, Krieg, Nibiru, Terra Noir.. (2DVD) 160,00<BR>DVD Past Redemption Live in Sofia (death-metal) 160,00<BR>Dysentery From Past Suffering… (death grind) 250,00<BR>Electro Toilet Syndrom The Meathookers (avant-garde grindcore) 250,00<BR>Embalmed/Blastwound Split 250,00<BR>ENCHANTED For Those Who Fall... (pagan death metal) 160,00<BR>Enclave Paradise of Putrefacation (black) 160,00<BR>Enmity Vomit Forth Intestinal… (brutal) 250,00<BR>Enthrallment Immerse Into Bloody Bliss (old school death) 250,00<BR>Esqarial Amorphous (tech death metal) 250<BR>Eternal Ruin Decomposing salvation (brutal metal) 250<BR>Eternal Ruin/Leukorrhea Denied Existence (brutal metal) 250<BR>Evilentourage Dominion (death metal) 160,00<BR>Eviscerated Eviscerated (brutal death) 250,00<BR>Evoke The Fury Written (death metal) 250<BR>Exmortis Resurrection... Book of the Dead (death metal) 250<BR>Extol Blueprint (prog death) 250,00<BR>Fleshless Free off Pain/Stench of Rotting Heads (grind) 250,00<BR>Fleshless Hate is Born (grind) 250,00<BR>Followbane Ceremonia (melodic death) 250<BR>Fortid Voluspa Part III: Fall of the Ages (pagan black) 250,00<BR>Fractured Insanity Mass Awakeless (brutal death) 250,00<BR>Fractured Insanity Mass Awakeless (tech brutal death metal) 250<BR>Furia Grudzien za grudniem (black) 250<BR>Furia Martwa polska jesien (black metal) digipack 350<BR>Galadriel Empty Mirrors of Oblivion (2 CD) dark doom 250,00<BR>Gardens of Gehenna Mortem saluta (doom metal) 250<BR>Gauntlet's Sword Theosophy 160,00<BR>Gemisuadi Live Like an Animal… (brutal death/grind) 250,00<BR>God Hell & Heaven (pagan) 160,00<BR>Godhate Equal In the Eyes of Death (brutal death) 250,00<BR>Godless Truth Arrogance of Supreme Power (brutal death) 250,00<BR>Godless Truth rrogance of Supreme Power (brutal metal) 250<BR>Gontyna Kry Arystokracja Ducha (black metal) 250<BR>Goratory Orgasm Induced Dirrhea (bruta death) 250,00<BR>Goratory Rice on Suede (bruta death) 250,00<BR>Goratory Rice on Suede (brutal metal) 250<BR>Goratory Orgasm Induced Diarrhea (brutal metal) 250<BR>Goresoerd Tudruk Ja Surm (death grind) digi-pack 250,00<BR>Gorezone Brutalities of Modern... (brutal death) 250,00<BR>Gothmog A Step in the Dark (melodic black metal) 250<BR>Graveland Prawo Stali (digipack+poster) pagan black 450<BR>Grimness 69 illHeaven Hells (death grind) 250,00<BR>Gwydion Ynys Mon (viking folk metal) 250

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

DocentSM 20.10.2012 17:29:
docentSM@mail.ru<BR>Artemisia - So legends tell , (Doom)<BR>Ametropie - The Unknown (Trash)<BR>Aurora - Dead Electric Nightmares (Mel.Death)<BR>As It Burns - Mortal Dusk  (Mel. Black/Death)<BR>Atanatos -   Devastation-The Third Attack(Black/Thrash)<BR><BR>Black wood -Religious  (Black) <BR>Chaska - Pururauca (Folk Death)<BR>Candle Serenade - Nosferatu's Passio,Mel. (Black/Doom)<BR><BR>Drastique -  Pleasureligion  (Gothic)<BR>Dawn of Relic -  Lovecraftian Dark (Dark/Black)<BR>Dying Passion -  Voyage (Gothic/Doom)<BR>Diableria - Cupae Rosae  (Gothic)<BR>Desolate - Eventide of the Orb and Heavens (Mel. Death/Black)<BR>Dawn of Dreams - Darklight Awakening (Mel. Black/Death)<BR>Decoryah - Wisdom Floats (Witchhunt) (Atmos. Doom)<BR><BR>Epoch of Unlight - Caught in the Unlight (Mel. Death/Black)<BR>Eibon - he Garden of Theophrastus, (Simpho Black)<BR>Forgotten Silence - Bya Bamahe Neem (Prog. Folk/Jazz)<BR>Fenris Offerings to the Hunger  (Black/Viking)<BR>Forefather - The Fighting Man (Black/Viking) <BR>Forefather - Deep into Time  (Black/Viking)<BR>Faerghail - Horizon's Fall  (Mel. Black)<BR><BR>Grave Flowers -  Solace Me (Doom)<BR>Grave Flowers - Incarcerated Sorrows (Doom)<BR>Guidance of Sin – 6106 (Mel. Death)<BR>Gardens of Gehenna -  Mortem Saluta (Doom/Death)<BR><BR><BR>Haggard -  And Thou Shalt Trust... The Seer (Serenades) (Simpho) <BR>Hedon -  Cries Hate into Grief (Doom/Death)<BR>Hindvir - Roth Cingetos Taxonaria (Viking black)<BR><BR><BR>Indungeon - Machinegunnery of Doom (Thrash/Death) <BR>Inborn Suffering - Wordless Hope  (Mel. Dark Doom)<BR>Impending Doom - Apocalypse III-The Manifested Purgatorium (Mel. Black/Death)<BR><BR>Klabautamann -  Der Ort (Atmos. Black)<BR><BR>Longing for Dawn - Between  Elation and Despair (Funeral Doom)<BR>My Shameful  - Of All the Wrong Things (Doom/Death)<BR>Manipulated Slaves - The Legendary Black Jade (Mel. Death)<BR>Mournful Congregation - The June Frost (Funeral Doom)<BR>Majestic Downfall - Temple of Guilt (Doom/Death)<BR>Morgion -Cloaked by Ages, Crowned in Earth (Doom/Death)<BR>Nocturnal Winds -Everlasting Fall  (Mel. Death)<BR>Nortt - Ligf&#230;rd (Funeral Doom/ Black)<BR>Obtest – Is Kartos I Karta (Pagan/Black) (A5)<BR>Obscurity Tears -  Songs For A Black Winter (Doom/Death)<BR><BR>Remembrance - Silencing the Moments... (Funeral Doom)<BR><BR>Saxorior – Saxot, (Mel.Black) <BR>Soulless - Agony's Lament (Mel.Death/Thrash) <BR>Suffering Souls -  Incarnated Perfection (Sympho Black)<BR><BR>The Embraced - The Birth (Mel.Death)<BR>Tyrant - Legend (Sympho Black)<BR>The Wounded - Monument (Doom/Gothic)<BR>The Wounded - The Art of Grief  (Doom/Gothic)<BR>Urna – Iter ad lucem (Funeral Doom/ Black)<BR><BR>Vilkates - Apocalyptic Millenium,(Mel.Black)<BR>Windir – 1184  (Viking black)<BR>Windir - Arntor  (Viking black) <BR>Windir - Likferd  (Viking black)<BR>Without Grief -  Deflower  (Mel. Death)<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

brazenhead 23.12.2012 16:15:
Приветствую!<BR>Продам немного дисков, цены указаны. Оптовикам - скидки. К 5 лицензионным CD пиратка на выбор в подарок.<BR><BR>Лицензия:<BR>Anorexia Nervosa	New obscurantis order			Fono		100<BR>Antares			Made in fear				CD-Maximum	100<BR>Behemoth		Thelema.6				Irond		100<BR>Belphegor		Lucifer incestus			Irond		100<BR>Craddle of filth	Bitter suites to succubi		Fono		100<BR>Crowbar			Sonic excess in it's purest form	CD-Maximum	100<BR>Dimmu Borgir		Puritanical euphoric misantrophia	Irond		100<BR>Disgorge (mex)		Forensick				CD-Maximum	100<BR>Disharmonic Orchestra	Ahead					Irond		100<BR>Eternal Mourning	Delusion&Dementia			CD-Maximum	100<BR>Funeris Nocturnum	Pure satanic blasphemy			CD-Maximum	100<BR>Gardens of Gehenna	Mechanism masochism			CD-Maximum	100<BR>Gorerotted		Only tools and corpses			Fono		90<BR>Grimfist		Ghouls of grandeur			Irond		100<BR>Haemorrhage		Anatomical inferno			CD-Maximum	100<BR>Mithotyn		In the sign of the raven		Fono		80<BR>Monstrosity		Rise to power				Fono		100<BR>My shameful		Of all the wrong things			CD-Maximum	100<BR>Obscenity		Cold blooded murder			CD-Maximum	100<BR>Psypheria		Embrace the mutation			CD-Maximum	100<BR>Pungent Stench		Ampeauty				Irond		100<BR>Septic Flesh		Sumerian daemons			Fono		100<BR>Septic Flesh		A fallen temple				Irond		100<BR>Shape of Despair	Angels of distress			Fono		100<BR>Shape of Despair	Shades of…				Fono		100<BR>Shape of Despair	Angels of distress			Fono		100<BR>Vanitas			Das leben ein traum			CD-Maximum	100<BR>Vile			Depopulate				CD-Maximum	90<BR>Zyklon			Aeon					Irond		100<BR>Ария			Лучшие песни ч.2			Moroz records	80<BR>Ария			Лучшие песни ч.1			Moroz records	80<BR>Эпидемия		Загадка волшебной страны		Moroz records	80<BR><BR>Пиратка:<BR>Falkenbach		...En Their Medh Riki Fara...		C книжкой	70<BR>Craddle of Filth	Midian/Sodomizing the virgin vamps	AGAT		50<BR>Craddle of Filth	Lovecraft&Witch hearts			2CD		70<BR>Craddle of Filth	Cruelty and the beast					50<BR>Emperor			IX Equilibrium/Live in frostland (bootleg)	AGAT	50<BR>Helloween 		Keeper of the seven keys		Только диск	20<BR>Morbid Angel		Domination/Abominations of desolation	AGAT		50<BR>Morbid Angel		Gateways to annihilation/Abominations of desolation AGAT50<BR>Necromass		Abyss calls life			Только диск	20<BR>Samael			Eternal/Exodus				AGAT		50<BR>Samael			Passage/Rebellion			AGAT		50<BR>Satyricon		Nemesis divina/Ten horns, ten diadems	AGAT		50<BR>Коррозия Металла	Фантом (сборник)			Gold records	50<BR><BR><BR>DVD:<BR>Corrosion of Conformity	Live volume the movie		Sanctuary Records	450<BR>Crowbar			Live: With full force			Candlelight	450<BR><BR>Москва<BR>spasm@pisem.net<BR>P.S. В начале января также буду в Киеве, могу что-то с собой взять.<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Хорёк 25.12.2012 20:29:
Anorexia Nervosa New obscurantis order Fono 100<BR>Antares Made in fear CD-Maximum 100<BR>Behemoth Thelema.6 Irond 100<BR>Belphegor Lucifer incestus Irond 100<BR>Craddle of filth Bitter suites to succubi Fono 100<BR>Crowbar Sonic excess in it's purest form CD-Maximum 100<BR>Dimmu Borgir Puritanical euphoric misantrophia Irond 100<BR>Disgorge (mex) Forensick CD-Maximum 100<BR>Disharmonic Orchestra Ahead Irond 100<BR>Eternal Mourning Delusion&Dementia CD-Maximum 100<BR>Funeris Nocturnum Pure satanic blasphemy CD-Maximum 100<BR>Gardens of Gehenna Mechanism masochism CD-Maximum 100<BR>Gorerotted Only tools and corpses Fono 90<BR>Grimfist Ghouls of grandeur Irond 100<BR>Haemorrhage Anatomical inferno CD-Maximum 100<BR>Mithotyn In the sign of the raven Fono 80<BR>Monstrosity Rise to power Fono 100<BR>My shameful Of all the wrong things CD-Maximum 100<BR>Obscenity Cold blooded murder CD-Maximum 100<BR>Psypheria Embrace the mutation CD-Maximum 100<BR>Pungent Stench Ampeauty Irond 100<BR>Septic Flesh Sumerian daemons Fono 100<BR>Septic Flesh A fallen temple Irond 100<BR>Shape of Despair Angels of distress Fono 100<BR>Shape of Despair Shades of… Fono 100<BR>Shape of Despair Angels of distress Fono 100<BR>Vanitas Das leben ein traum CD-Maximum 100<BR>Vile Depopulate CD-Maximum 90<BR>Zyklon Aeon Irond 100<BR>Ария Лучшие песни ч.2 Moroz records 80<BR>Ария Лучшие песни ч.1 Moroz records 80<BR>Эпидемия Загадка волшебной страны Moroz records 80<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Хорёк 27.12.2012 15:46:
Ушли:<BR><BR>Anorexia Nervosa New obscurantis order Fono 100<BR>Antares Made in fear CD-Maximum 100<BR>Behemoth Thelema.6 Irond 100<BR>Belphegor Lucifer incestus Irond 100<BR>Craddle of filth Bitter suites to succubi Fono 100<BR>Crowbar Sonic excess in it's purest form CD-Maximum 100<BR>Dimmu Borgir Puritanical euphoric misantrophia Irond 100<BR>Disgorge (mex) Forensick CD-Maximum 100<BR>Disharmonic Orchestra Ahead Irond 100<BR>Eternal Mourning Delusion&Dementia CD-Maximum 100<BR>Funeris Nocturnum Pure satanic blasphemy CD-Maximum 100<BR>Gardens of Gehenna Mechanism masochism CD-Maximum 100<BR>Gorerotted Only tools and corpses Fono 90<BR>Grimfist Ghouls of grandeur Irond 100<BR>Haemorrhage Anatomical inferno CD-Maximum 100<BR>Mithotyn In the sign of the raven Fono 80<BR>Monstrosity Rise to power Fono 100<BR>My shameful Of all the wrong things CD-Maximum 100<BR>Obscenity Cold blooded murder CD-Maximum 100<BR>Psypheria Embrace the mutation CD-Maximum 100<BR>Pungent Stench Ampeauty Irond 100<BR>Septic Flesh Sumerian daemons Fono 100<BR>Septic Flesh A fallen temple Irond 100<BR>Shape of Despair Angels of distress Fono 100<BR>Shape of Despair Shades of… Fono 100<BR>Shape of Despair Angels of distress Fono 100<BR>Vanitas Das leben ein traum CD-Maximum 100<BR>Vile Depopulate CD-Maximum 90<BR>Zyklon Aeon Irond 100<BR>Ария Лучшие песни ч.2 Moroz records 80<BR>Ария Лучшие песни ч.1 Moroz records 80<BR><BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Non Serviam 02.10.2016 15:45:
MaYaN	Quarterpast (slipcase)	Nuclear Blast	2011	новый	sympho death prog, 1st press	550<BR>Finnr's Cane	A Portrait Painted By The Sun (digi)	Prophecy	2013	новый	black, 1st press	850<BR>Cryptic Carnage	And Another Kingdom Was Born…	Folter	1996	новый	black death doom, 1st press	900<BR>Artemisia	So Legends Tell	Dawn Of Sadness	1998	новый	death doom, 1st press	700<BR>Algaion	General Enmity	Wounded Love	1997	новый	black, 1st press	750<BR>Mystica	Blinded By My Blood (digi)	Painkiller	2001	запечатан	death, 1st press	400<BR>Thunderstorm	Faithless Soul (digi)	Dragonheart	2004	запечатан	doom, 1st press	750<BR>Ancient Rites	Dim Carcosa (digi)	Hammerheart	2001	запечатан	cvlt viking black, 1st press	1 800<BR>The Beast	Fixed By The Devil	Painkiller	2005	новый	black, 1st press (solo project of Nornageist (Enthroned)	400<BR>Gardens Of Gehenna	Mortem Saluta	Shiver	1997	9/10	death doom, 1st press	800<BR>Faerghail	Horizon's Fall	Shiver	1999	9/10	black, 1st press	850<BR>Graveworm	Underneath The Crescent Moon	Serenades	1998	8/10	sympho black, 1st press	900<BR>Siebenb&#252;rgen	Plagued Be Thy Angel (digi)	Napalm	2001	9/10	sympho black, 1st press	800<BR>Theatre Of Tragedy	Inperspective EP (digi)	Swanlake	2000	новый	gothic, 1st press	600<BR>Elvira Madigan	Angelis Deamonae - Wiccan Aftermath	Black Lodge	2004	новый	gothic black, 1st press	450<BR>Riger	Der Wanderer	CCP	1998	новый	cvlt german pagan black	900<BR>Vanguard	Hydralchemy (digi)	Shadow World	2009	(как) новый	gothic, 1st press	750<BR>Primordial	The Gathering Wilderness CD/DVD (digi)	Metal Blade	2005	9/10	cvlt stuff, 1st press	1 200<BR>Catamenia	Morning Crimson	Massacre	1999	новый	cvlt black, 1st press	750<BR>Thyrfing	Farsotstider (promo)	Regain	2005	8,5/10	viking black, 1st press (with japanese bonus track)	600<BR>Macbeth	Malae Artes (digi)	Dragonheart	2005	запечатан	gothic, 1st press	750<BR>L'&#194;me Immortelle	Durch Fremde Hand 2CD (digibook)	Trisol	2008	новый	cvlt darkwave gothic, 1st press	850<BR>Forbidden	Omega Wave (slipcase)	Nuclear Blast	2010	новый	cvlt thrash, 1st press	700<BR>Katatonia	For Funerals To Come… EP	Avantgarde	1995	8/10 (CD VG+)	cvlt death doom, DADC Austria matrix!	1 750<BR>Charon	Tearstained	Spinefarm	2000	(как) новый	cvlt gothic, 1st press	750<BR>Cultus	Gezeteld In Zegeru&#239;nen	Heidens Hart	2016	новый	black (re-release of a 2004 ''A Seat In Valhalla'')	700<BR>Enslaved	Axioma Ethica Odini	Indie	2010	9/10 (CD is NM, booklet 9/10)	cvlt black, 1st press	650<BR>Entwine	Time Of Despair	Spikefarm	2002	новый	cvlt gothic, 1st press with silver embossed case	950<BR>Exhumation	Dance Across The Past (digi)	Holy	1998	(как) новый	death, 1st press	750<BR>Exhumation	Dance Across The Past (digi)	Holy	1998	запечатан	death, 1st press	900<BR>Faun	Eden Re|Vealed EP	Banshee	2011	8,5/10 (CD is EX)	cvlt neo-folk rock, 1st press	400<BR>Fear Factory	Obsolete	Roadrunner	1998	новый	cvlt industrial	550<BR>Forefather	Deep Into Time	Heidens Hart	1999/14	новый	viking black, 1 bonus track	700<BR>Forefather	The Fighting Man	Heidens Hart	2000/15	новый	viking black, 1 bonus track	700<BR>Forefather	Curse Of The Cwelled	Seven Kingdoms	2015	8/10 (царапки от шпилевого хранения)	viking black, 1st press	750<BR>Forefather	Curse Of The Cwelled	Seven Kingdoms	2015	9-9,5/10 (следы от шпилевого хранения)	viking black, 1st press	850<BR>Hagalaz' Runedance	Volven / Urd - That Which Was (digi)	Hammerheart	2002	6,5/10 (диск косо отполирован, диджипак EX-)	tribal neo-folk, very rare	1 300<BR>Haggard	And Thou Shalt Trust... The Seer	Serenades	1997	8-8,5/10 (CD is EX++)	cvlt sympho death, 1st press	1 200<BR>Haggard	Eppur Si Muove CD/DVD (slipcase)	Drakkar	2004	9-9,5/10 (NM- slipcase)	cvlt sympho death, 1st press	800<BR>In Extremo	Weckt Die Toten!	Metal Blade	1998	запечатан	cvlt medieval folk	700<BR>

