# Rebel Souls

Дискография
"The Forces of Darkness" 2016, Death Metal

## Отношения с другими группами


## Обсуждения


## Упоминания

### Что крутого в ROSSOMAHAAR?

Lazar 24.11.2001 16:04:
<BR>Birgit / GARDENS OF GEHENNA <BR><BR>"We do not have any problems with Last Episode now. <BR>But I remember for the first CD we released there we also waited 7 or 8<BR>months for our money as Carsten told me that he always pays the money when<BR>the CD is out (although in the contract stands that it is a prepayment). <BR>As we had already payed all studio costs before it was - more or less - ok<BR>for us, or it had to be as we could not change anything. <BR>This time it is so that the studio will not give out the masters if they are<BR>not payed, ok what can Last Episode do? If they want to get out the CD in<BR>time they will have to pay. Just mail and phone again and again (ok phone<BR>will be too expensive) and good luck." <BR>  <BR>Claudia / VIOLATION <BR><BR>"Yes, we had problems with Karsten! He is a difficult person. But we don't<BR>have a deal with Last Episode anymore. Karsten quit the deal, because he<BR>didn't want to pay for Abyss studio again, and because we didn't sell enough<BR>CD's. And we were not sad about the divorce." <BR><BR>Bart / DAMNATION <BR><BR>"Yes, we had problems with Last Episode. We signed them for three records <BR>First one was "Rebel Souls" album, but the money was transfered to our<BR>Polish promotor (fucking amateur guy!) and we haven't even knew how much it<BR>was, but we got money for studio, mastering, cover, photo session and layout<BR>was made in Germany. And it was released as amazing digipack. But Karsten<BR>did nothing for us, no shows, no shirts, no vinyl version.... <BR>So the next release was split with BEHEMOTH and then we decided to record<BR>for him MCD to fulfill the deal, not a full-length album. He covered the<BR>costs, but we waited a long time for CD's. We spent a lot money for faxes,<BR>telephones to him etc. I think he is not good working with the bands. <BR>Fuck Off and Die to Karsten!" <BR>  <BR>In fact, there were way _more_ people telling me the same thing about<BR>Karsten @ LEP. However I can't cite 'em nor even mention their names because<BR>the bands they take part in, are still signed to Last Episode, and<BR>obviously, the guys have had enough shit already... Enough in order to avoid<BR>gaining even more problems. <BR>  <BR>And just by the way, "Quaerite Lux In Tenebris", the second CD by<BR>ROSSOMAHAAR, has to be out on 19th of November 2001. One doesn't need to be<BR>a clairvoyant in order to say for sure there won't be any CD released. I<BR>hope so too, actually. <BR><BR>Kai Mathias Stalhammar, <BR>on behalf of ROSSOMAHAAR <BR><BR>Markus Wosgien / LEP &lt;markus@last-episode.de&gt; <BR>Karsten Jacob / LEP &lt;karsten@last-episode.de&gt; <BR>                    &lt;rosi@last-episode.de&gt; <BR>  <BR>P.S. Here's what our studio told Karsten: <BR><BR>"Good evening. <BR>This is Yaroslav from Cdm Records Studio writing you. <BR>This message is about the band called ROSSOMAHAAR which booked our <BR>studio to record their album this July (07.2001). We let them record in <BR>advance because I personally knew the guys before and was sure they will <BR>pay us in time. Unfortunately, this did not happen. Almost two months <BR>passed and we saw no money payd to us. The problem consists in that we <BR>will erase the master-cd by the end of september if there will be no <BR>money payd. I guess it's not your problem, but the guys from Rossomahaar <BR>told me they cannot afford to cover the studio costs now, and not even <BR>later, and told me to contact you as their recording label. <BR>This letter is just to let you know about the problem that maybe you <BR>didn't know about. <BR>I'm really sorry to say that, but we're tired of waiting. This is not <BR>professional from the band's side. Please tell them at least to respect <BR>others' work and be a bit greatful. <BR><BR>Best regards / <BR>Yaroslav at Cdm Records Studio" <BR><BR>If you didn't get the point, check this mail once again... The master-CD was<BR>to be destroyed by the end of September, however Karsten managed to reply<BR>Yaroslav only on 24th of OCTOBER... A nice guy he is, isn't he? <BR>  <BR>  <BR>

