# Project F

Дискография

## Отношения с другими группами


## Обсуждения


## Упоминания

### DIMMU BORGIR выгнали Вортекса(бас,вокал) и Мустиса(клавиши)

ward 03.09.2009 00:49:
Now, auctioning off your band?s most recent album on eBay, only signed by yourself, can?t be looked upon in any other ways as pure greed, not to mention mockery, towards the rest of the members of the band that you?re still in, AND the fans. Attempting to sell a CD of the last album (which you can still get hold of in shops) with only your signature on it for the highest bid is a remarkably low act. <BR><BR>Instead of getting hold of some work to do, if money is what you so desperately seem to be needing (while you actually maybe rather should be considering working on ideas for a new album if you?re so concerned about being credited correctly), you rather believe the easiest and fastest way to money must simply be to start a blackmailing procedure against the other members in the band holding important files as ransom - files that are the band?s property which we need for future projects that would bring you money later eventually, in one way or another. Now it won?t. Not a very smart and thought out thing to do. Not to mention the fans now have to wait for these special releases because your ego for some odd reason is hurt and in total control.<BR><BR>These files, which we handed over to you in good trust over a year ago as a band member and what we?d consider a brother despite your lazy ass, not surprisingly you haven?t even touched it as part as bonus features special of a re-release campaign including certain albums. <BR><BR>Instead, you threaten to sue your fellow band members for neglect and not treating you right monetary wise. Isn?t it typical? You both want to harvest the fruits, but putting labour into it yourself is not so important. See how long that?ll last in real life. Ironically, it lasted this long with the band, finally now that time is over.<BR><BR>This shouldn?t be acceptable. So what do we do? We don?t accept it. After all these years wiping people?s asses and feeding their mouths, we?re forced to take on another strict angle, like you do with kids when nothing else works. To be forced to almost constantly spend energy on dragging someone to practice for instance and be part of a unit ? a force, is tedious for the rest of us. Always an excuse not to do what?s expected of you.<BR><BR>To the best of our efforts, we?ve tried to explain over and over, again and again how the business side of things work, but when ignorance is bliss and the people it concerns fail to even meet at band business meetings, later not understanding and realizing because of the obvious fact that they weren?t present, the deal is then suddenly we?re ?hiding something? and ?I must get ripped off, there?s no other logical explanation!?<BR><BR>Sounds familiar to some of you readers?<BR><BR>But on the contrary, we?ve not been afraid of encouraging the use and exploration of talents of other members elsewhere while still being in the band. We have even handed over major projects on a silver plate but to not even bother replying to such offers speaks volumes. We can?t do that job for you too. What about the talk of a certain ?solo? project for the last 10 years? Where is it? Talk, that?s what it is. Talk and no action.<BR><BR>Still complaining, not trusting your partners for the last 10 years when receiving a pay check, worth way beyond your song ?writing? ability and what you?re already credited for is fair in your eyes. It?s amusing and at the same time sad to see how little reflective and humble grown people can be sometimes; or in this particular case, most of the time.<BR><BR>Stop acting like composers and song writers until you have written and released something on your own that?s worthwhile and we?ll see how well you do. To quote Vortex in his very own statement; ?I have really enjoyed the ride!? Sure you have, it?s been for free! Either because of lack of interest, dedication, understanding and capability or all of those.<BR><BR><BR><BR><BR><BR><BR><BR>

