# Ad Inferna

Дискография
"L'Empire des Sens" 2001, Black Metal

## Отношения с другими группами

C группой "Seth" 

## Обсуждения


## Упоминания

### Что крутого в ROSSOMAHAAR?

Lazar 22.11.2001 23:59:
Вот что говорят эти засранцы:<BR><BR><BR>&gt; Last Episode Productions<BR>&gt; Bucher Weg 12<BR>&gt; D-73529 Schwabisch Gmund / Germany<BR>&gt; Phone: 0049-7173-914 63 24<BR>&gt; Fax: 0049-7173-914 63 25<BR>&gt;<BR>&gt; Promotion: Markus Wosgien<BR>&gt; e-mail: markus@last-episode.de<BR>&gt;<BR>&gt; Hi!<BR>&gt;<BR>&gt; we have some problems at the moment, that's why we couldn't start to work on<BR>&gt; the album yet. We had to delay almost every release we have. I am very sorry<BR>&gt; about that, but the sales in the Black Metal genre are not more that good as<BR>&gt; it has been years before. We count a lot on the new album of Eisregen which<BR>&gt; have got a very high status in Germany. I expect that things will get better<BR>&gt; for us after this release and we can straight start to work on your album.I hope you understand our situation a bit.<BR>&gt;<BR>&gt; Best regards - Markus<BR>&gt;<BR>&gt; Upcoming Releases on Last Episode:<BR>&gt; Eisregen - Farbenfinsternis (26.11.01)<BR>&gt; Ad Inferna - L'Empire Des Sens (28.01.02)<BR>&gt; Gardens Of Gehenna - The Mechanism Masochism (18.02.02)<BR>&gt; The Bloodline - The Breed (18.02.02)<BR>&gt; Rossomahaar - Quaerite Lux In Tenebris (18.03.02)<BR>

### Что крутого в ROSSOMAHAAR?

Lazar 24.11.2001 16:03:
<BR><BR>Exul / AEBA <BR><BR>"Many Last Episode bands currently have the problem that LE didn't pay <BR>their studio costs. I can only give you some advices to deal with Last <BR>Episode. I think they are going to pay your studio expenditures if you <BR>don't give them the recordings until they haven't paid! (if they still <BR>promote your cd in some magazines then you have very good chances!) Set <BR>them under pressure! Call them as often as you can! (But I think it's <BR>very expensive to call from Russia to Germany) Our studio costs were <BR>paid as our studio threat to erase the recordings and we placed a call <BR>to contact LE on our homepage. This takes nearly a half year! Isn't Karsten<BR>willing to pay your studio costs? This is new for me... Karsten often said<BR>to us that they have paid but they didn't or the cheque was booked back. <BR>As we signed a deal with Last Episode in 1997/98 the situation with LE <BR>was much better but LE always took very long to do something." <BR><BR>V. Orias A. / AD INFERNA (ex-DE PROFUNDIS) <BR><BR>Message 1 <BR><BR>"You touch a real problem my friend. <BR>It takes now 2 months that we have finished the studio at the Excess, and <BR>Karsten has not yet payed the studio bill. So, we should had already <BR>received the master the 15 of August, and at this date (19th of September<BR>2001), no master yet!  I guess it's the same for all the LEP bands, sorry...<BR>I imagine that Karsten is a real problem for all of us." <BR><BR>Message 2 <BR><BR>"Karsten told me one week after the recording session that he will launch<BR>the transfer the same day. Two weeks after, he told me that he has launched<BR>the transfer the previous day. One month after, he said me that he has<BR>already launched it, and finally told that he hasn't transfered any money<BR>because the time. At the moment, he said me that it should had been a<BR>transfer problem... Well, not very convincing... We decided to sign for LEP<BR>because Skaldic Art hadn't got enough money to release our album in time.<BR>Moreover, we were aware that Skaldic Art doesn't have the same promotion<BR>department than LEP, the same for the distribution. In deed, LEP has a very<BR>good promotion dpt with Markus, and some real fucking distributors. It was<BR>always good to have such a deal. But we begin to regret to not have signed<BR>for other interested labels like Candlelight, CCP or again Listenable... We<BR>will see. Moreover, I don't know if you have the same contract than us (3<BR>albums) but it should be really hard to leave out from LEP so far!!!" <BR><BR>Message 3 <BR><BR>KMS: Yeah, Markus is a nice guy. And besides that, yes, I agree at 100%, LEP <BR>perform very good promotional campaigns, and yes, their distribution doesn't<BR>leave anything to be desired... These are the good points. Karsten, however,<BR>is a "bad point"... <BR><BR>"Very bad point, but I guess he changes at the moment he knows that the band<BR>sells well... not before. I don't know if bands like Di'Anno or again <BR>GRAVEWORM has the same troubles with him, I guess not." <BR><BR>KMS: NEVER, NEVER EVER even think of dealing with CCP!!! This company isn't <BR>worth a shit!!!!! Much worse than you could ever imagine... <BR><BR>"Ooh, Ok, I keep it in mind for the future! Anyway, they seemed very <BR>interested in us a few months ago. But anyway, I really think we will stay <BR>at LEP for the future, at least for the first 2 albums..." <BR><BR>KMS: The contract is the same. 3 fucking albums. Actually, I still hope that <BR>LEP will pay us and release CD in time and then... and then we'll try to<BR>find some good reason to break the contract. There're many opportunities to<BR>do it, believe me... F.ex., after all this mess with studio costs, I don't<BR>even hope for getting any royalties - and here we go: you guys don't pay us<BR>royalty, which is in fact a violation of the terms indicated in the<BR>contract, so we demand to stop our collaboration. Makes sense, doesn't it? <BR><BR>"Yes, for you it's make sense, but for Karsten, it's an another story. I <BR>think he knows that it's too hard and too expensive for a band

### Насоветуйте мне симфо блэка!

W.Smerdulak 27.10.2002 20:08:
Nyver! Morsus дело грит! 'Drudenhaus' у AN тоже рулит непадеццки. <BR>Еще бы посоветовал Ordo Draconis, Obsidian Gate, Ad Inferna, Seth, Limbonic Art, Thyrane, Thyestean Feast, Lux Occulta...

### Продаю (death black (and others)metal)CD'LP'T-shirts and more......Также под заказ

COYOTE 20.11.2003 18:55:
ANOREXIA NERVOSA	Exile	CD<BR>...and OCEANS-The Symmetry of I - The Circle of O CD  		<BR>…and OCEANS 	The Dynamic Gallery of Thoughts	DIGIPACK<BR>…and OCEANS VS. BLOODTHORN	War series Vol. : I	CD<BR>ABLAZE MY SORROW If emotions still burns 1995 No fasion		<BR>ABLAZE MY SORROW The plague 1997 No fasion		<BR>absemia (us) morbopraxis cd brutal death metal		<BR>Ad Inferna-L'Empire Des Sens CD 		<BR>Am?Ganesha?N Beyond the Soul HOLY72Digipack AMBIENT FOLK		<BR>AMAKA HAHINA(Fra)"Aheah Saergathan!"CD		<BR>AMARAN - A World Depraved	GOTHIC	<BR>ANARCHUS/C.S.S.O split 01	GINDDDDDDD	<BR>ANATA VS. BETHZAIDA	WAR series Vol. : II	CD<BR>ARCANE SUN	S/T	CD<BR>ARKONA (Pol): "Nocturnal Arkonian Hordes" CD 	BLACK	<BR>Asschapel "Fire And Destruction" Cd		<BR>ASTROFAES (Ukr): "Ancestors' Shadows" CD 	BLACK	<BR>ATOMIZER(Austra)"Death Mutation"CD		<BR>ATROCITY Blut 1994 Massacre		<BR>AUTOPHAGIA Postmortem human offal		<BR>AUTUMN VERSES Tunes of disconsolation Symphonic Black Metal CD Solistitium		<BR>Baal - state of agression 	melodic death thrash	<BR>BAL-SAGOTH Battle magic 1998 Cacophonous		<BR>BAPHOMET Latest jesus 1992 Massacre  Thrash		<BR>Barbatos Rocking metal motherfucker  CD FBP-019   THRASH/DEATH 		<BR>BATHORY "TRUE BLACK ESSENCE" CD 		<BR>BELZABET "BEFORE NIGHT FALL" CD 		<BR>BENEDICTION dark is the season (m)		DEATH<BR>BENUMB	WITHERING STRANDS OF HOPE	CD<BR>BERGTHRON - Jagdheim CD		<BR>BESEECH From a bleeding heart Gothic Metal CD Metal blade		<BR>BETHLEHEM suicide radio PC-collection		<BR>BLACK DAWN	Blood for Satan	CD<BR>BLOOD STAINED DUSK Dirge of death's silence baphomet	BLACK	<BR>Bluttaufe - Mein Fleisch An Deinen Lippen CD		<BR>BOWEL STEW Necrocannibal rites  Very brutalllllll		<BR>BRODEQUIN "Insturments of Torture		<BR>Camulos - Der Untermensch CD		<BR>Candiru-Unloved And Weeded Out CD Relapse INDUSTRIAL		<BR>Captain Cleanoff s/t MCD 		<BR>Cerebral Hemorrhage-Exempting Reality CD   		<BR>COERCION - DELETE CD		<BR>COLLISION"Romantic.."holland grindcore 		<BR>CONSOLATION 	GRIND / DEATH	<BR>corpse (bul) mortal terror cd death metal		<BR>CORPUS CHRISTII(Por)"The fire god"DigiCD		<BR>CRYPTIC SLAUGHTER convicted relapse		<BR>CRYPTIC SLAUGHTER Money talks relapse		<BR>CULTUS SANGUINE VS. SETH	War series Vol. : III	CD<BR>CURSE Cursed be thy name (m)2001 No colourse		<BR>CURSE Dead sun rise 2001 No colourse

### Продаю (death black (and others)metal)CD'LP'T-shirts and more......Также под заказ

COYOTE 06.01.2004 00:53:
FEAR FACTORY demanufacture 1995 Roadrunner<BR>DOMINUS the first 9 1996 Progress rec.<BR>…and OCEANS 	The Dynamic Gallery of Thoughts	DIGIPACK						<BR>100 DAY KILLING SPREE- 4 WAY SPLIT CD								<BR>Abominator	Damnation's Prophecy	CD						<BR>ABOSRAINE BOGOM "COPROTHERAPY" CD SHIT GORE GRIND								<BR>Ad Inferna-L'Empire Des Sens CD 								<BR>AKERBELTZ "Akerhell" CD								<BR>ALASTIS: Revenge								<BR>Alchemist-Spiritech CD								<BR>AMARAN - A World Depraved	GOTHIC							<BR>AMESTIGON / HELLBOUND "Split" CD								<BR>AMOEBIC DYSENTERY "MOGOLOID METAL" CD CYBER GORE GRIND								<BR>ANAL TORTURE: Shit Pitter mcd								<BR>ANATA VS. BETHZAIDA	WAR series Vol. : II	CD						<BR>Ancient-Det Gleme…CD								<BR>ANOREXIA NERVOSA	Exile	CD						<BR>ARCANE SUN	S/T	CD						<BR>ARGHOSLENT "Incorrigible Bigotry" CD								<BR>ARKONA (Pol): "Nocturnal Arkonian Hordes" CD 	BLACK							<BR>Asschapel "Fire And Destruction" Cd								<BR>ASTROFAES (Ukr): "Ancestors' Shadows" CD 	BLACK							<BR>ATOMIZER(Austra)"Death Mutation"CD								<BR>ATROCITY Blut 1994 Massacre								<BR>AUTUMN VERSES Tunes of disconsolation Symphonic Black Metal CD Solistitium								<BR>AZRAEL "Into Shadows Act I: Denial" CD								<BR>Baal - state of agression 	melodic death thrash							<BR>BAL-SAGOTH Battle magic 1998 Cacophonous								<BR>BEHEMOTH  Thelema 6 Digi-pack								<BR>BEHEMOTH "Grom" CD								<BR>BEHEMOTH "Pandemonic Incantations" CD								<BR>BELEF : DEATHWIND LEGION     MCD    Black death								<BR>BELZABET "BEFORE NIGHT FALL" CD 								<BR>BENEDICTION dark is the season (m)		DEATH						<BR>BERGTHRON - Jagdheim CD								<BR>BESEECH From a bleeding heart Gothic Metal CD Metal blade								<BR>BETHLEHEM suicide radio PC-collection								<BR>BLIND GUARDIAN Blind guardian's legendary songs 86+demo versions								<BR>BLOOD STAINED DUSK Dirge of death's silence baphomet	BLACK							 <BR>BRODEQUIN "Insturments of Torture								<BR>BRODEQUIN : FESTIVAL OF DEATH   brutal death			<BR><BR>

### Продаю (death black (and others)metal)CD'LP'T-shirts and more......Также под заказ

COYOTE 30.03.2004 03:06:
ENGORGE dead...fuck...blackness   Dark horizonrec.<BR>SONS OF CHAOS  Redwork  Bloodsoaked rec.<BR>PARACOCCIDIOIDOMICOSISPROCTITISSARCOMUCOSIS	Satyrlasis and nymphomania	2002	38:04:00		<BR><BR>EPHEL DUATH the painter's palette 2003 Earache<BR>TRANSMETAL Las alas del emperador 1998 prod:SCOTT BURNS<BR>TRANSMETAL El llamado de la hembra 1997 prod:SCOTT BURNS<BR>TRANSMETAL Mexico barbaro 1996 prod:SCOTT BURNS<BR>INVERTED there can be only one...Shiver rec.<BR>NAZXUL totem Vampire rec.<BR>UNDER MOONLIGHT SADNESS geneticsis 2001<BR>AVATAR Memoriam draconis Shiver rec.<BR><BR>POLYMORPH Innocent suffering 1998<BR>SACREFICIAL<BR><BR><BR>…and OCEANS 	The Dynamic Gallery of Thoughts	DIGIPACK		<BR>100 DAY KILLING SPREE- 4 WAY SPLIT CD (INFECRED DISARRAY/JAZZUS/MUKEKA DI RATO/MASS GENOCIDE PROCESS)				<BR>A tribute to S.U.P. 3CD Holy rec.				<BR>AARNI/UMBRA NIHIL "Split CD"				<BR>ABIGOR - Apokalypse				<BR>ABIGOR - Verwustung/Invoke the Dark Age				<BR>Abominator	Damnation's Prophecy	CD		<BR>ABOSRAINE BOGOM "COPROTHERAPY" CD SHIT GORE GRIND				<BR>Ad Inferna-L'Empire Des Sens CD				<BR>AGATHOCLES/SUPPOSITORY split CD				<BR>ALASTIS	Revenge	1998	43:06:00	Century media<BR>ALASTIS The other side 1997  Century media				<BR>Alchemist-Spiritech CD				<BR>ALGOR (Slo): "Uder pohanskeho hnevu" CD				<BR>ALL  FATHER / NEBRON / HORDES OF THE LUNAR ECILPSE  GNOSTIC 4 WAY SPLIT CD  				<BR>AMARAN - A World Depraved	GOTHIC			<BR>AMOEBIC DYSENTERY "MOGOLOID METAL" CD CYBER GORE GRIND				<BR>AMORPHIS	KARELIAN ISTHMUS/PRIVILEGE REISSUE 	CD		<BR>AMЙGANESHAЙN Somnia Holy89 Ltd.Digipack 				<BR>Ancient Necropsy CD  				<BR>Ancient-Det Gleme…CD				<BR>ARKONA "Konstelacja Lodu" CD				<BR>ARKONA (Pol): "Nocturnal Arkonian Hordes" CD 	BLACK			<BR>Asschapel "Fire And Destruction" Cd				<BR>ASTROFAES (Ukr): "Ancestors' Shadows" CD 	BLACK			<BR>ATOMIZER(Austra)"Death Mutation"CD				<BR>ATROCITY Blut 1994 Massacre				<BR>AZRAEL “Into Shadows Act I:  Denial” CD<BR>BAALBERITH(AUS) DRIGHTENSLANDS SPLIT BLODARV 				<BR>BAL-SAGOTH Battle magic 1998 Cacophonous				<BR>BELZABET "BEFORE NIGHT FALL" CD 				<BR>BENEDICTION dark is the season (m)		DEATH		<BR>BETHLEHEM suicide radio PC-collection				<BR>BIRDFLESH	Night of the ultimate mosh	2002		<BR>BITCH INFECTION: The Gory Side Of Life CD (Sick, gory porn-grind from Germany!)				<BR>BLOOD AND SICKNESS: 6 Way Comp CD com: Tumour, Total Penuria, C.V.I., Kadaverficker, Vomit Sex & M.D.K.				<BR>BLOOD FREAK "Sleaze Merchants" CD (new!)<BR>Blood Vomit (Up from The Grave) 				<BR>BLUTTAUFE / PRIMITIVE SYMPHONY	SPLIT	CD		<BR>BONGZILLA: Shake: The Singles Collection CD  (A collection of singles, comp tracks and unreleased tracks from this long running stoner core band.)						<BR>BRODEQUIN : FESTIVAL OF DEATH   brutal death				<BR>Butcher ABC - butchered at birthday - MCD				<BR>BY WAR: Invincible War CD (Brazilian OldSchool Death Metal)				<BR>Candiru-Unloved And Weeded Out CD Relapse INDUSTRIAL				<BR>CARNAL LUST "Whore Of Violence"				<BR>CARNIFIED BRA "Where The Gods Bled"				<BR>CARPATHIAN FOREST	Defending the Throne of Evil	CD		<BR>CARVE "Revel in Human Filth" NEW RELEASE!!!			<BR>

### Turisas - очередной финский трендовый проект или...?

Parutchikk Rzhevsky 24.10.2004 12:59:
Буду краток.<BR>Turisas - отлично.<BR>Moonsorrow - прекрасно, особенно последний.<BR>Ensiferum - замечательно, особенно первый.<BR>Wyrd - ох"енно, особенно Huldrafolk и Vargtimmen pt.I (pt.II еще не слышал).<BR>Furthest Shore - интересно, хотя и есть в конце пара скучных песен.<BR>Vindsval - тоже весьма неплохо, одна вещь Beholding The Glacial Empire с альбома Imperium Grotesque чего стоит...<BR>Другие "вратиасовские протеже" - тоже интересные группы, например Rivendell. Или вот, скажем, Ad Inferna - тоже вроде как протеже, но - совершенно другой стиль.<BR>Вопсчем, хорошо быть благодарным слушателем - и эмоции положительные, и удовольствие получаешь, и денег потраченныхне жалко.<BR>

### продажа родных CD

Forn 09.04.2006 22:38:
все по 250, от 10 шт - по 200.<BR>писать на asehty@yandex.ru<BR><BR>ABLAZE MY SORROW 1996 If emotions still burns <BR>ABYSSOS 1997 Together we summon the dark <BR>AD INFERNA  L'Empire des Sens<BR>ALASTIS 1995 ...And Death Smiled <BR>ALASTIS 1997 The other side <BR>ALASTIS 1998 Revenge <BR>ALASTIS 2001 Unity <BR>AMORTIS  Summoned By Astral Fire<BR>ANOREXIA NERVOSA 1997 Exile <BR>ASTAROTH Annus Suprimus<BR>ASTAROTH 1997 Sklavengott <BR>ASTAROTH 1999 Violent Soundtrack Martyrium <BR>ATANATOS 1998 The oath of revenge (digi) <BR>ATANATOS 1999 Devastation - The Third Attack <BR>BAL-SAGOTH 1995 A Black Moon Broods Over Lemuria <BR>BAL-SAGOTH 1996 Starfire burning... <BR>BAL-SAGOTH 1998 Battle magic <BR>BAL-SAGOTH 1999 The Power Cosmic <BR>BAL-SAGOTH 2001 Atlantis Ascendant <BR>BARATHRUM 1996 Eerie <BR>BARATHRUM 1999 Saatana <BR>BARATHRUM 2000 Okkult <BR>BATHORY 1996 Blood on ice <BR>BATHORY 2001 Destroyer of Worlds <BR>BEHEMOTH 1996 Grom <BR>BEHEMOTH 1999 Satanica <BR>BEHEMOTH 2002 Zos Kia Cultus <BR>BLACK MESSIAH 1998 Sceptre Of Black Knowledge <BR>BLOODTHORN 1997 In the shadow of your black wings (digi) <BR>BLOODTHORN 1999 Onwards Into Battle (digi) <BR>BLOODTHORN 2001 Under The Reign Of Terror <BR>BORKNAGAR 1997 The olden domain <BR>CADAVERIA  Far Away From Conformity<BR>CADAVERIA 2002 The Shadows? Madame <BR>CALLENISH CIRCLE  Escape<BR>CALLENISH CIRCLE 1999 Graceful... Yet Forbidding <BR>CATHEDRAL 1991 Forest Of Equilibrium <BR>CATHEDRAL 1993 The Ethereal Mirror <BR>CELESTIAL SEASON 1993 Forever Scarlet Passion <BR>CEMETARY 1993 Godless Beauty <BR>CEMETARY 1994 Black Vanity <BR>CEMETARY 1996 Sundown <BR>CEMETARY 2000 The Beast Divine (digi) <BR>CRADLE OF FILTH 1994 The Principle Of Evil Made Flesh <BR>CRADLE OF FILTH 1996 Vempire <BR>CRADLE OF FILTH 1999 From The Cradle To Enslave <BR>CRADLE OF FILTH 2001 Bitter Suites To Succubi <BR>CREMATORY 1993 Transmigration <BR>CREMATORY 1994 ...Just Dreaming! <BR>CREMATORY 1995 Illusions <BR>CREMATORY 1996 Crematory (digi) <BR>CREMATORY 1997 Awake (digi) <BR>CRUACHAN 1996 Tuatha na gael <BR>CRUACHAN 2000 The Middle Kingdom (digi) <BR>CRUACHAN 2002 Folk-Lore (digi) <BR>CRYOGENIC 2003 Parsifal 21 (digi) <BR>CRYPTIC CARNAGE 1999 Retrospect 2000 <BR>DARK FUNERAL 1996 The secrets of the black arts<BR>DARKWOODS MY BETROTHED 1996 Autumn roars thunder <BR>DARZAMAT 1997 In the flames of black art (promo) <BR>DEATH 1988 Leprosy <BR>DEATH 1990 Spiritual healing <BR>DECEMBER MOON 1996 Source of origin <BR>DEVISER 1996 Unspeakable cults <BR>DIABOLICAL MASQUERADE 1996 Ravendusk in my heart <BR>DIABOLICAL MASQUERADE 1997 The phantom lodge (digi) <BR>DIE APOKALYPTICHEN REITER 1998 Soft & stronger <BR>DIE APOKALYPTICHEN REITER 1999 Allegro Barbaro <BR>DIE APOKALYPTICHEN REITER 2000 All You Need Is Love <BR>DIMMU BORGIR 1995 For All Tid (limited digi) <BR>DODHEIMSGARD 1997 Monumental possession <BR>DODHEIMSGARD 1999 666 International <BR>DORN 2000 Falschheit <BR>DORN 2002 Schatten der Vergangenheit <BR>DORNENREICH 1997 Nicht um zu sterben <BR>EISREGEN 1998 Krebskolonie <BR>EISREGEN 1998 Zerfall <BR>EISREGEN 2000 Leichenlagar <BR>EMPEROR 1999 IX Equilibrium <BR>EMPEROR 2001 Prometheus <BR>ENSLAVED 1998 Blodhemn (digi) <BR>ENSLAVED 2000 Mardraum <BR>ENSLAVED 2001 Monumension (digi) <BR>ETERNAL TEARS OF SORROW 1999 Vilda Mannu <BR>EVOL 1995 The Saga Of The Horned King <BR>EVOL 1996 Dreamquest <BR>EWIGKEIT  Radio Ixtlan<BR>EWIGKEIT  Land Of Fog <BR>EWIGKEIT 1997 Battle Furies <BR>FINNTROLL   Nattfodd<BR>FINNTROLL 1999 Midnattens Widunder <BR>FINNTROLL 2001 Jaktens Tid <BR>FOREFATHER 1999 Deep Into Time <BR>FUNERAL ORATION 1996 Sursum luna (digi) <BR>GODKILLER  The Rebirth of the Middle Ages<BR>GODKILLER 1998 The end of the world <BR>GODKILLER 2001 Deliverance <BR>HAGGARD 1997 And thou shalt trust the seer <BR>HAGGARD 2000 Awaking The Centuries <BR>HOLLENTHON 1999 Domus Mundi <BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 22.03.2007 13:18:
Распродажа:<BR><BR>Лицензия:<BR>Ad Inferna     "L'Empire Des Sens"       2002    80р<BR>Ajattara       "Kuolema" 2003    80р<BR>Ajattara       "Itse"    2001    80р<BR>The Bronx Casket Co.    "Sweet Home Transylvania" 2001    80р<BR>Cadacross      "So Pale Is The Light"    2001    80р<BR>Cadaveria      "The Shadow's Madame"     2002    80р<BR>Casketgarden   "This Corroded Soul Of Mine"      2003    80р<BR>Red Aim "Flesh For Fantasy"       2002    80р<BR>Thanateros     "Circle Of Life"  2003    80р<BR><BR>Фирма<BR>Bon Jovi       "These Days" (Single)     1996    150р<BR>Count De Nocte "Sorores Nocte Genitae"           300р<BR>Lunatic Gods   "The Wilderness" (Promo c буклетом)  2001    150р<BR>Myllaryt       "Metsolan Kuningas"       2005    250р<BR><BR>Пиратка<BR>Paradise Lost  "Gothic" (с цветным вкладышем) 1991    50р<BR><BR>контакт: castlewt [гав] narod [dot] ru<BR><BR>PS Еще есть винил с оффтопиком.

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 05.06.2007 11:44:
Продаю/меняю<BR><BR>Лицензия:<BR>Ad Inferna "L'Empire Des Sens" 2002 80р<BR>Ajattara "Kuolema" 2003 80р<BR>Ajattara "Itse" 2001 80р<BR>The Bronx Casket Co. "Sweet Home Transylvania" 2001 80р<BR>Cadacross "So Pale Is The Light" 2001 80р<BR>Cadaveria "The Shadow's Madame" 2002 80р<BR>Casketgarden "This Corroded Soul Of Mine" 2003 80р<BR>Red Aim "Flesh For Fantasy" 2002 80р<BR>Thanateros "Circle Of Life" 2003 80р<BR><BR>Фирма<BR>Bon Jovi "These Days" (Single) 1996 150р<BR>Count De Nocte "Sorores Nocte Genitae" 300р<BR>Lunatic Gods "The Wilderness" (Promo c буклетом) 2001 150р<BR>Myllaryt "Metsolan Kuningas" 2005 250р<BR><BR>Пиратка<BR>Paradise Lost "Gothic" (с цветным вкладышем) 1991 50р<BR><BR>контакт: castlewt [гав] narod [dot] ru<BR><BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 10.01.2008 13:42:
Продаю/меняю<BR><BR>Фирма<BR>Bon Jovi "These Days" (Single) 1996 250р<BR>Carcass "Reek Of Putrefaction" 350р<BR>Count De Nocte "Sorores Nocte Genitae" 350р<BR>Crematory "Early Years" (3-CD Box) 500р<BR>Dimmu Borgir "Enthrone Darkness Triumphant" (digipack) 500р<BR>Doro "White Wedding" (сингл) 250р<BR>Lunatic Gods "The Wilderness" (Promo c буклетом) 2001 150р<BR>Myllaryt "Metsolan Kuningas" 250р<BR>Osimira "Прошча" 250р<BR><BR>Лицензия<BR>Ad Inferna "L'Empire Des Sens" 2002 80р<BR>Ajattara "Kuolema" 2003 80р<BR>Ajattara "Itse" 2001 80р<BR>The Bronx Casket Co. "Sweet Home Transylvania" 2001 80р<BR>Cadacross "So Pale Is The Light" 2001 80р<BR>Cadaveria "The Shadow's Madame" 2002 80р<BR>Casketgarden "This Corroded Soul Of Mine" 2003 80р<BR>Red Aim "Flesh For Fantasy" 2002 80р<BR>Thanateros "Circle Of Life" 2003 80р<BR><BR>Пиратка<BR>Paradise Lost "Gothic" (с цветным вкладышем) 50р<BR>Doro "Fight" (с буклетом) 50р<BR><BR>PS для любителей джаза и блюза найдеться польский и болгарский винил...  <BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 05.02.2008 14:39:
Продам/поменяю<BR><BR>Фирма<BR>Bon Jovi "These Days" (Single) 1996 250р<BR>Carcass "Reek Of Putrefaction" 350р <BR>Count De Nocte "Sorores Nocte Genitae" 350р<BR>Crematory "Early Years" (3-CD Box) 400р<BR>Doro "White Wedding" (сингл) 250р<BR>Lunatic Gods "The Wilderness" (Promo c буклетом) 2001 150р<BR>Myllaryt "Metsolan Kuningas" 250р<BR>Osimira "Прошча" 250р<BR><BR>Лицензия<BR>Ad Inferna "L'Empire Des Sens" 2002 80р<BR>Ajattara "Kuolema" 2003 80р<BR>Ajattara "Itse" 2001 80р<BR>The Bronx Casket Co. "Sweet Home Transylvania" 2001 80р<BR>Cadacross "So Pale Is The Light" 2001 80р<BR>Cadaveria "The Shadow's Madame" 2002 80р<BR>Casketgarden "This Corroded Soul Of Mine" 2003 80р<BR>Red Aim "Flesh For Fantasy" 2002 80р<BR>Thanateros "Circle Of Life" 2003 80р<BR><BR>Пиратка<BR>Paradise Lost "Gothic" (с цветным вкладышем) 50р<BR>Doro "Fight" (с буклетом) 50р<BR><BR>Винил<BR>OZZY OSBOURNE "Shot In The Dark"  7"  обложка раскладывается в постер 1985 350р<BR><BR>Бумага<BR>MEGADETH Youthanasia tour book  300р<BR>AC/DC 1984 Poster-tour book, нашивка и значек 500р<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

forn666 22.08.2008 19:40:
Распродаются остатки былой роскоши... ;) (все родное)<BR>Писать на asehty@yandex.ru<BR><BR>ABLAZE MY SORROW 1996 If emotions still burns =250=<BR>AD INFERNA  L'Empire des Sens =250=<BR>AMORPHIS 1992 The Karelian Isthmus =600=<BR>AMORPHIS 1993 Privilege Of Evil =400=<BR>AMORPHIS 1996 Elegy =600=<BR>AMORTIS  Summoned By Astral Fire =250=<BR>ASTAROTH 1999 Violent Soundtrack Martyrium =250=<BR>ASTAROTH  Annus Suprimus =250=<BR>ATANATOS 1998 The oath of revenge (digi) =250=<BR>ATANATOS 1999 Devastation - The Third Attack =250=<BR>BAL-SAGOTH 1998 Battle magic =250=<BR>BAL-SAGOTH 1999 The Power Cosmic =250=<BR>BAL-SAGOTH 2001 Atlantis Ascendant =250=<BR>BARATHRUM 1999 Saatana =250=<BR>BARATHRUM 2000 Okkult =250=<BR>BATHORY 1996 Blood on ice =300=<BR>BEHEMOTH 1999 Satanica =250=<BR>BEHEMOTH 2002 Zos Kia Cultus =250=<BR>BETRAY MY SECRETS 1999 Betray My Secrets =400=<BR>BLOODTHORN 1999 Onwards Into Battle (digi) =250=<BR>BLOODTHORN 2001 Under The Reign Of Terror =250=<BR>CALLENISH CIRCLE 1999 Graceful... Yet Forbidding =250=<BR>CALLENISH CIRCLE  Escape =250=<BR>CEMETARY 1993 Godless Beauty =400=<BR>CEMETARY 1994 Black Vanity =400=<BR>COVENANT 1998 Nexus Polaris =500=<BR>CRADLE OF FILTH 2000 Midian =400=<BR>CRYOGENIC 2003 Parsifal 21 (digi) =250=<BR>CRYPTIC CARNAGE 1999 Retrospect 2000 =250=<BR>DARK 1997 Seduction =800=<BR>DARK 1997 Endless Dreams Of Sadness =800=<BR>DARK REALITY 1995 Blossom Of Mourning =1000=<BR>DARK REALITY 1997 Oh Precious Haze Pervade The Pain =1000=<BR>DARKWOODS MY BETROTHED 1996 Autumn roars thunder =250=<BR>DARZAMAT 1997 In the flames of black art (promo) =200=<BR>DEATH 1988 Leprosy =250=<BR>DIABLERIE  Seraphyde (digi) =300=<BR>DIE APOKALYPTICHEN REITER 1999 Allegro Barbaro =250=<BR>DIMMU BORGIR 1997 Enthrone Darkness Triumphant (Lim.digi) =600=<BR>DIMMU BORGIR 2001 Puritanical Euphoric Misanthropia (Lim.Ed.) =500=<BR>DIMMU BORGIR 2003 Death Cult Armageddon (Lim.digi) =600=<BR>DORN 2000 Falschheit =250=<BR>DORN 2002 Schatten der Vergangenheit =250=<BR>DORNENREICH 1997 Nicht um zu sterben =250=<BR>EISREGEN 1998 Krebskolonie =250=<BR>EISREGEN 2000 Leichenlagar =250=<BR>ELBERETH 1995 ...And Other Reasons =300=<BR>ELYSIAN FIELDS 1995 Adelain =300=<BR>ESTATIC FEAR A Sombre Dance =400=<BR>ETERNAL TEARS OF SORROW 1999 Vilda Mannu =250=<BR>EVOL 1995 The Saga Of The Horned King =250=<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

forn666 19.09.2008 12:43:
Еще осталось в наличии:<BR>AD INFERNA  L'Empire des Sens =250=<BR>AMORPHIS 1992 The Karelian Isthmus =800=<BR>AMORPHIS 1993 Privilege Of Evil =600=<BR>AMORPHIS 1996 Elegy =800=<BR>AMORTIS  Summoned By Astral Fire =250=<BR>ASTAROTH 1999 Violent Soundtrack Martyrium =250=<BR>ASTAROTH  Annus Suprimus =250=<BR>ATANATOS 1998 The oath of revenge (digi) =250=<BR>ATANATOS 1999 Devastation - The Third Attack =250=<BR>BEHEMOTH 1999 Satanica =250=<BR>BEHEMOTH 2002 Zos Kia Cultus =250=<BR>BETRAY MY SECRETS 1999 Betray My Secrets =600=<BR>BLOODTHORN 1999 Onwards Into Battle (digi) =250=<BR>BLOODTHORN 2001 Under The Reign Of Terror =250=<BR>CALLENISH CIRCLE 1999 Graceful... Yet Forbidding =250=<BR>CEMETARY 1993 Godless Beauty =400=<BR>CEMETARY 1994 Black Vanity =400=<BR>COVENANT 1998 Nexus Polaris =600=<BR>CRADLE OF FILTH 2000 Midian =600=<BR>CRYOGENIC 2003 Parsifal 21 (digi) =250=<BR>CRYPTIC CARNAGE 1999 Retrospect 2000 =250=<BR>DARK 1997 Seduction =800=<BR>DARK 1997 Endless Dreams Of Sadness =800=<BR>DARK REALITY 1995 Blossom Of Mourning =1000=<BR>DARK REALITY 1997 Oh Precious Haze Pervade The Pain =1000=<BR>DARZAMAT 1997 In the flames of black art (promo) =200=<BR>DIABLERIE  Seraphyde (digi) =400=<BR>DIE APOKALYPTICHEN REITER 1999 Allegro Barbaro =250=<BR>DIMMU BORGIR 2001 Puritanical Euphoric Misanthropia (Lim.Ed.) =600=<BR>DIMMU BORGIR 2003 Death Cult Armageddon (Lim.digi) =800=<BR>DORN 2000 Falschheit =250=<BR>EISREGEN 1998 Krebskolonie =250=<BR>EISREGEN 2000 Leichenlagar =250=<BR>ELYSIAN FIELDS 1995 Adelain =400=<BR>ESTATIC FEAR A Sombre Dance =400=<BR>EVOL 1995 The Saga Of The Horned King =250=<BR>EVOL 1996 Dreamquest =250=<BR>EWIGKEIT 1997 Battle Furies =250=<BR>EWIGKEIT  Land Of Fog =250=<BR>EWIGKEIT  Radio Ixtlan =250=<BR>FINNTROLL 2001 Jaktens Tid =250=<BR>FOREFATHER 1999 Deep Into Time =250=<BR>FUNERAL ORATION 1996 Sursum luna (digi) =250=<BR>GODKILLER 2001 Deliverance =250=<BR>INFERNAL BEAUTY 1997 Drakensquar (digi) =250=<BR>ISEGRIM 2000 Dominus Inferus Ushanas =250=<BR>ISEGRIM 2001 Gloria Deo, Domino Inferi =250=<BR>ISENGARD 1995 Hostmorke =600=<BR>KOROVAKILL 2001 WaterHells =250=<BR>LOVE LIES BLEEDING 2001 S.I.N. =250=<BR>LOVE LIES BLEEDING 2002 Ex Nihilo =250=<BR>LOVE LIES BLEEDING 2004 Ellipse =250=<BR>LUX OCCULTA 1996 Forever Alone Immortal =400=<BR>LUX OCCULTA 1998 Dionysos =400=<BR>LUX OCCULTA 1999 My Guardian Anger =400=<BR>LUX OCCULTA 1999 Major Arcana =400=<BR>MACTATUS 2000 The Complex Bewitchment =250=<BR>MAYHEM 1997 Wolf's Lair Abyss =400=<BR>MAYHEM 2000 Grand Declaration Of War =400=<BR>MARTYR 2000 Murder X (The End Of The Game) =200=<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 11.01.2009 23:37:
Продаю в Москве. <BR>e-mail: castlewt@narod.ru <BR><BR>Фирма<BR>Bon Jovi "These Days" (Single) 250<BR>Count De Nocte "Sorores Nocte Genitae" 350<BR>Crematory "Early Years" (3-CD Box) 400<BR>Doro "White Wedding" 250<BR>Doro "Bad Blood" 300<BR>Doro "I'll Make It On My Own" 300<BR>Doro "Last Day of My Life" 300<BR>Doro "Herzblut" (запечатан) 500<BR>Lunatic Gods "The Wilderness" (Promo c буклетом) 150<BR>Moonspell "Lusitanian Metal" 2DVD+CD Limited Deluxe Edition in Mediabook (запечатан) 2000 <BR>Myllaryt "Metsolan Kuningas" 250<BR>Poccolus "Poccolus" 600<BR>Osimira "Прошча" 250<BR>Иван Царевиц "Иду на Вы!" (запечатан) 250<BR><BR><BR>Лицензия<BR>Ad Inferna "L'Empire Des Sens" 2002 100<BR>Ajattara "Kuolema" 2003 100<BR>Ajattara "Itse" 2001 100<BR>The Bronx Casket Co. "Sweet Home Transylvania" 2001 100<BR>Cadacross "So Pale Is The Light" 2001 100<BR>Cadaveria "The Shadow's Madame" 2002 100<BR>Casketgarden "This Corroded Soul Of Mine" 2003 100<BR>Red Aim "Flesh For Fantasy" 2002 100<BR>Thanateros "Circle Of Life" 2003 100<BR><BR><BR>Пиратка<BR>Paradise Lost "Gothic" (с цветным вкладышем) 50<BR>Doro "Fight" (с буклетом) 50<BR><BR><BR>Для желающих есть бумага (журналы и плакаты). Перечень тут <A HREF="http://moon-light.ru/trade/list.html" TARGET="_blank">http://moon-light.ru/trade/list.html</A><BR><BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 24.03.2009 14:11:
Фирма<BR>Bon Jovi "These Days" (Single) 250<BR>Count De Nocte "Sorores Nocte Genitae" 350<BR>Doro "White Wedding" 250<BR>Doro "Bad Blood" 300<BR>Doro "I'll Make It On My Own" 300<BR>Doro "Last Day of My Life" 300<BR>Doro "Herzblut" (запечатан) 500<BR>Lunatic Gods "The Wilderness" (Promo c буклетом) 150<BR>Moonspell "Lusitanian Metal" DVD+CD (запечатан) 2000 <BR>Myllaryt "Metsolan Kuningas" 250<BR>Poccolus "Poccolus" 600<BR>Osimira "Прошча" 250<BR>Иван Царевиц "Иду на Вы!" (запечатан) 250<BR><BR><BR>Лицензия<BR>Ad Inferna "L'Empire Des Sens" 2002 80<BR>Ajattara "Kuolema" 2003 80<BR>Ajattara "Itse" 2001 80<BR>The Bronx Casket Co. "Sweet Home Transylvania" 2001 80<BR>Cadacross "So Pale Is The Light" 2001 80<BR>Cadaveria "The Shadow's Madame" 2002 80<BR>Casketgarden "This Corroded Soul Of Mine" 2003 80<BR>Red Aim "Flesh For Fantasy" 2002 80<BR>Thanateros "Circle Of Life" 2003 80<BR><BR><BR>Пиратка<BR>Paradise Lost "Gothic" (с цветным вкладышем) 50<BR>Doro "Fight" (с буклетом) 50<BR><BR>писать на мыло: castlewt[@]narod.ru

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 09.04.2009 13:04:
Фирма<BR>Bon Jovi "These Days" (Single) 250<BR>Count De Nocte "Sorores Nocte Genitae" 350<BR>Doro "White Wedding" 250<BR>Doro "Bad Blood" 300<BR>Doro "I'll Make It On My Own" 300<BR>Doro "Last Day of My Life" 300<BR>Doro "Herzblut" (запечатан) 500<BR>Lunatic Gods "The Wilderness" (Promo c буклетом) 150<BR>Moonspell "Lusitanian Metal" DVD+CD (запечатан) 2000 <BR>Myllaryt "Metsolan Kuningas" 250<BR>Poccolus "Poccolus" 600<BR>Osimira "Прошча" 250<BR>Иван Царевиц "Иду на Вы!" (запечатан) 250<BR>Condemned Cell "Shadows of the Past" 150<BR>Hieronimus Bosch "Artificial Emotions" 150<BR>Melancholy "Fear Of Emptiness" 150<BR>Melancholy "Closed Eyes" 150<BR>Posthumous Blasphemer "Putrespermfaction Versus Fertiholyzatio" 150<BR>Lethargia "The Kingdom Of Unrealisable Hopes" 150<BR><BR><BR>Лицензия<BR>Ad Inferna "L'Empire Des Sens" 2002 80<BR>Ajattara "Kuolema" 2003 80<BR>Ajattara "Itse" 2001 80<BR>The Bronx Casket Co. "Sweet Home Transylvania" 2001 80<BR>Cadaveria "The Shadow's Madame" 2002 80<BR>Casketgarden "This Corroded Soul Of Mine" 2003 80<BR>Red Aim "Flesh For Fantasy" 2002 80<BR>Arachnes "Apocalypse" 100<BR>Avec Tristesse "Ravishing Beauty" 100<BR>Edenbridge "Aphelion" 100<BR>Nebular Moon "Metamorphosis" 100<BR>Saltatio Mortis "Das Zweite Gesicht" 100<BR>Tyr "Ragnarok" 100<BR>Tuatha De Danann "Tuatha De Danann" 100<BR><BR><BR>Пиратка<BR>Paradise Lost "Gothic" (с цветным вкладышем) 50<BR>Doro "Fight" (с буклетом) 50<BR><BR>для связи castlewt @ narod.ru<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 30.01.2010 21:22:
CD<BR><BR>Фирма<BR><BR>After Forever  -  Decipher - 300<BR>Bon Jovi             -  These Days (Single) - 200<BR>Count De Nocte       -  Sorores Nocte Genitae - 300<BR>Carcass              -  Reek Of Putrefaction - 300<BR>Dimmu Borgir         -  Enthrone Darkness Triumphant (Digipack) - 500<BR>Dragobrath           -  And Mountains Openeth Eyes - 200<BR>Doro                 -  White Wedding - 250<BR>Doro                 -  Bad Blood - 300<BR>Doro                 -  I'll Make It On My Own - 300<BR>Doro                 -  Last Day of My Life - 300<BR>Doro                 -  Herzblut (запечатан) - 450<BR>Girlschool           -  The Collection - 300<BR>Lunatic Gods         -  The Wilderness (Promo c буклетом) - 150<BR>Moonspell            -  Lusitanian Metal DVD+CD (запечатан) - 2000 <BR>Myllaryt             -  Metsolan Kuningas - 250<BR>Poccolus             -  Poccolus - 300<BR>Atra Mustum          -  Черная Осень - 250<BR>Condemned Cell       -  Shadows of the Past - 250<BR>Ea - Ea Taesse       -  Ea Taesse - 250<BR>Evoken               -  Embrace The Emptiness - 250<BR>Hieronimus Bosch     -  Artificial Emotions - 150<BR>Lethargia            -  The Kingdom Of Unrealisable Hopes - 150<BR>Melancholy           -  Fear Of Emptiness - 150<BR>Melancholy           -  Closed Eyes - 150<BR>Necrost              -  Conception of Noise - 150<BR>Osimira              -  Прошуа - 150<BR>Posthumous Blasphemer-  Putrespermfaction Versus Fertiholyzatio - 150<BR>Radigost             -  For the honor of our truth... For the honor of our faith (Digipack) - 250<BR>Иван Царевиц         -  Иду на Вы! (запечатан) - 150<BR>Тролль Гнет Ель      -  Тролль Гнет Ель - 150<BR>Тролль Гнет Ель      -  Праздник Похмеляйнен - 150<BR><BR><BR>Лицензия - 100р. диск<BR><BR>Ad Inferna           - L'Empire Des Sens<BR>Ajattara             - Kuolema<BR>Ajattara             - Itse<BR>Arachnes             - Apocalypse<BR>Avec Tristesse       - Ravishing Beauty<BR>Beto Vazquez Infinit - Beto Vazquez Infinity<BR>Cadacross            - So Pale Is The Light<BR>Cadaveria            - The Shadow's Madame<BR>Casketgarden         - This Corroded Soul Of Mine<BR>Deep Inside Myself   - At A Late Hour<BR>Hin Onde             - Songs Of Battle<BR>Moonlight            - Yaishi<BR>Nebular Moon         - Metamorphosis<BR>Peccatum             - Amor Fati<BR>Perished             - Seid<BR>Red Aim              - Flesh For Fantasy<BR>Saltatio Mortis      - Das Zweite Gesicht<BR>Sear Bliss           - Grand Destiny<BR>The Bronx Casket Co. - Sweet Home Transylvania<BR>Therion              - Deggial<BR>Therion              - A'arab Zaraq - Lucid Dreaming<BR>Therion              - Live In Midgard<BR>Tyr                  - Ragnarok<BR>Tuatha De Danann     - Tuatha De Danann<BR>Vicious Mary         - Vicious Mary<BR><BR>Пиратка<BR>Paradise Lost        - Gothic (с цветным вкладышем) 50<BR>Doro                 - Fight (с буклетом) 50<BR><BR>Для желающий имеется литература (dark citiy, rock city и др.) и постеры. Список <A HREF="http://moon-light.ru/trade/list.html" TARGET="_blank">http://moon-light.ru/trade/list.html</A><BR><BR>Контакт: castlewt[гав]narod.ru<BR><BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 14.02.2010 19:23:
CD<BR><BR>Фирма<BR><BR>After Forever - Decipher - 300<BR>Bon Jovi - These Days (Single) - 200<BR>Count De Nocte - Sorores Nocte Genitae - 300<BR>Carcass - Reek Of Putrefaction - 300<BR>Dimmu Borgir - Enthrone Darkness Triumphant (Digipack) - 500<BR>Dragobrath - And Mountains Openeth Eyes - 200<BR>Doro - White Wedding - 250<BR>Doro - Bad Blood - 300<BR>Doro - I'll Make It On My Own - 300<BR>Doro - Last Day of My Life - 300<BR>Doro - Herzblut (запечатан) - 450<BR>Girlschool - The Collection - 300<BR>Lunatic Gods - The Wilderness (Promo c буклетом) - 150<BR>Moonspell - Lusitanian Metal DVD+CD (запечатан) - 2000 <BR>Myllaryt - Metsolan Kuningas - 250<BR>Poccolus - Poccolus - 300<BR>Atra Mustum - Черная Осень - 250<BR>Condemned Cell - Shadows of the Past - 250<BR>Ea - Ea Taesse - Ea Taesse - 250<BR>Evoken - Embrace The Emptiness - 250<BR>Hieronimus Bosch - Artificial Emotions - 150<BR>Lethargia - The Kingdom Of Unrealisable Hopes - 150<BR>Melancholy - Fear Of Emptiness - 150<BR>Melancholy - Closed Eyes - 150<BR>Necrost - Conception of Noise - 150<BR>Osimira - Прошуа - 150<BR>Posthumous Blasphemer- Putrespermfaction Versus Fertiholyzatio - 150<BR>Radigost - For the honor of our truth... For the honor of our faith (Digipack) - 250<BR>Иван Царевиц - Иду на Вы! (запечатан) - 150<BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Тролль Гнет Ель - 150<BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Праздник Похмеляйнен - 150<BR><BR><BR>Лицензия - 100р. диск<BR><BR>Ad Inferna - L'Empire Des Sens<BR>Ajattara - Kuolema<BR>Ajattara - Itse<BR>Arachnes - Apocalypse<BR>Avec Tristesse - Ravishing Beauty<BR>Beto Vazquez Infinit - Beto Vazquez Infinity<BR>Cadacross - So Pale Is The Light<BR>Cadaveria - The Shadow's Madame<BR>Casketgarden - This Corroded Soul Of Mine<BR>Deep Inside Myself - At A Late Hour<BR>Hin Onde - Songs Of Battle<BR>Moonlight - Yaishi<BR>Nebular Moon - Metamorphosis<BR>Peccatum - Amor Fati<BR>Perished - Seid<BR>Red Aim - Flesh For Fantasy<BR>Saltatio Mortis - Das Zweite Gesicht<BR>Sear Bliss - Grand Destiny<BR>The Bronx Casket Co. - Sweet Home Transylvania<BR>Therion - Live In Midgard (digi 2 CD) 150р<BR>Tyr - Ragnarok<BR>Tuatha De Danann - Tuatha De Danann<BR>Vicious Mary - Vicious Mary<BR><BR>Пиратка<BR>Paradise Lost - Gothic (с цветным вкладышем) 50<BR>Doro - Fight (с буклетом) 50<BR><BR>Для желающий имеется литература (dark citiy, rock city и др.) и постеры. Список <A HREF="http://moon-light.ru/trade/list.html" TARGET="_blank">http://moon-light.ru/trade/list.html</A><BR><BR>Контакт: castlewt[гав]narod.ru<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 20.06.2010 21:54:
Фирма <BR><BR>After Forever - Decipher 300 р. <BR>Bon Jovi - These Days (Single)  200  р. <BR>Count De Nocte - Sorores Nocte Genitae 300  р. <BR>Carcass - Reek Of Putrefaction  300 р. <BR>Dimmu Borgir - Enthrone Darkness Triumphant (Digipack) 500 р. <BR>Dragobrath - And Mountains Openeth Eyes 200 р. <BR>Doro - White Wedding 250 р. <BR>Doro - Bad Blood 300 р. <BR>Doro - I'll Make It On My Own 300 р. <BR>Doro - Last Day of My Life 300 р. <BR>Doro - Herzblut (запечатан) 450 р. <BR>Doro - Calling the Wild (американское издание) 350 р. <BR>Girlschool - The Collection 300 р. <BR>Lunatic Gods - The Wilderness (Promo c буклетом) 150 р. <BR>Mithotyn - King of the Distant Forest (HammerHeart Records) 300 р. <BR>Moonspell - Lusitanian Metal DVD+CD Delux Ed. (запечатан) 2000 р. <BR>Myllarit - Metsolan Kuningas 250 р. <BR>Poccolus - Poccolus 300 р. <BR>Ozzy Osbourne - Bark At The Moon  300 р. <BR>Ozzy Osbourne - Ozzmosis  300 р. <BR>Vader - The Darkest Age - Live 300 р. <BR>Weltenbrand - Weltenbrand 300 р. <BR>Atra Mustum - Черная Осень 150 р. <BR>Condemned Cell - Shadows of the Past 150 р. <BR>Evoken - Embrace The Emptiness 200 р. <BR>Ea - Ea Taesse - Ea Taesse 200 р. <BR>Lethargia - The Kingdom Of Unrealisable Hopes 150 р. <BR>Melancholy - Fear Of Emptiness 150 р. <BR>Melancholy - Closed Eyes 150 р. <BR>Necrost - conception of noise 150 р. <BR>Osimira - Прошуа   150 р. <BR>Posthumous Blasphemer - Putrespermfaction Versus Fertiholyzatio  150 р. <BR>Radigost - For the honor of our truth... For the honor of our faith (Digipack) 200 р. <BR>Иван Царевиц - Иду на Вы! (запечатан) 100 р. <BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Праздник Похмеляйнен 150 р. <BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Тролль Гнет Ель 150 р.<BR><BR><BR>Лицензия по 100 р.<BR><BR>Ad Inferna - L'Empire Des Sens <BR>Ajattara - Itse <BR>Ajattara - Kuolema <BR>Arachnes - Apocalypse <BR>Avec Tristesse - Ravishing Beauty <BR>Beto Vazquez Infinity - Beto Vazquez Infinity <BR>Cadaveria - The Shadow's Madame <BR>Casketgarden - This Corroded Soul Of Mine <BR>Deep Inside Myself - At A Late Hour <BR>Edenbridge - Aphelion <BR>Fairyland - Of Wars In Osyrhia <BR>Moonlight - Yaishi <BR>Moonspell - Wolfheart <BR>Nebular Moon - Metamorphosis <BR>Peccatum - Amor Fati <BR>Red Aim - Flesh For Fantasy <BR>Saltatio Mortis - Das Zweite Gesicht <BR>Sear Bliss - Grand Destiny <BR>The Bronx Casket Co. - Sweet Home Transylvania <BR>Therion - Live In Midgard 150р. <BR>Tuatha De Danann - Tuatha De Danann <BR>Tyr - Ragnarok <BR>Vicious Mary - Vicious Mary<BR><BR>Пиратка  бонусом к любому диску<BR><BR>Doro - Fight (с буклетом) <BR>Moonspell - The Antidote (с буклетом) <BR>Paradise Lost - Gothic (с цветным вкладышем) <BR>Paradise Lost - Icon (с цветным вкладышем) <BR><BR>контакт: castlewt [at] narod [dot] ru

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 26.06.2010 17:04:
Фирма <BR><BR>After Forever - Decipher 300 р. <BR>Bon Jovi - These Days (Single) 200 р. <BR>Count De Nocte - Sorores Nocte Genitae 300 р. <BR>Carcass - Reek Of Putrefaction 300 р. <BR>Dimmu Borgir - Enthrone Darkness Triumphant (Digipack) 500 р. <BR>Dragobrath - And Mountains Openeth Eyes 200 р. <BR>Doro - Enough for You 200 р.<BR>Doro - Burn it Up 200 р.<BR>Doro - Ceremony 200 р.<BR>Doro - White Wedding 250 р. <BR>Doro - Bad Blood 300 р. <BR>Doro - I'll Make It On My Own 300 р. <BR>Doro - Last Day of My Life 300 р. <BR>Doro - Herzblut (запечатан) 450 р. <BR>Doro - Calling the Wild (американское издание) 350 р. <BR>Girlschool - The Collection 300 р. <BR>Lunatic Gods - The Wilderness (Promo c буклетом) 150 р. <BR>Mithotyn - King of the Distant Forest (HammerHeart Records) 300 р. <BR>Moonspell - Lusitanian Metal DVD+CD Delux Ed. (запечатан) 2000 р. <BR>Myllarit - Metsolan Kuningas 250 р. <BR>Poccolus - Poccolus 300 р. <BR>Ozzy Osbourne - Bark At The Moon 300 р. <BR>Ozzy Osbourne - Ozzmosis 300 р. <BR>Vader - The Darkest Age - Live 300 р. <BR>Weltenbrand - Weltenbrand 300 р. <BR>Atra Mustum - Черная Осень 150 р. <BR>Condemned Cell - Shadows of the Past 150 р. <BR>Evoken - Embrace The Emptiness 200 р. <BR>Ea - Ea Taesse - Ea Taesse 200 р. <BR>Lethargia - The Kingdom Of Unrealisable Hopes 150 р. <BR>Melancholy - Fear Of Emptiness 150 р. <BR>Melancholy - Closed Eyes 150 р. <BR>Necrost - conception of noise 150 р. <BR>Osimira - Прошуа 150 р. <BR>Posthumous Blasphemer - Putrespermfaction Versus Fertiholyzatio 150 р. <BR>Radigost - For the honor of our truth... For the honor of our faith (Digipack) 200 р. <BR>Иван Царевиц - Иду на Вы! (запечатан) 100 р. <BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Праздник Похмеляйнен 150 р. <BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Тролль Гнет Ель 150 р.<BR><BR><BR>Лицензия по 100 р.<BR><BR>Ad Inferna - L'Empire Des Sens <BR>Ajattara - Itse <BR>Ajattara - Kuolema <BR>Arachnes - Apocalypse <BR>Avec Tristesse - Ravishing Beauty <BR>Beto Vazquez Infinity - Beto Vazquez Infinity <BR>Cadaveria - The Shadow's Madame <BR>Casketgarden - This Corroded Soul Of Mine <BR>Deep Inside Myself - At A Late Hour <BR>Edenbridge - Aphelion <BR>Fairyland - Of Wars In Osyrhia <BR>Moonlight - Yaishi <BR>Moonspell - Wolfheart <BR>Nebular Moon - Metamorphosis <BR>Peccatum - Amor Fati <BR>Red Aim - Flesh For Fantasy <BR>Saltatio Mortis - Das Zweite Gesicht <BR>Sear Bliss - Grand Destiny <BR>The Bronx Casket Co. - Sweet Home Transylvania <BR>Tuatha De Danann - Tuatha De Danann <BR>Tyr - Ragnarok <BR>Vicious Mary - Vicious Mary<BR><BR>Пиратка бонусом к любому диску<BR><BR>Doro - Fight (с буклетом) <BR>Moonspell - The Antidote (с буклетом) <BR>Paradise Lost - Gothic (с цветным вкладышем) <BR>Paradise Lost - Icon (с цветным вкладышем) <BR><BR>контакт: castlewt [at] narod [dot] ru

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 05.07.2010 09:26:
Фирма <BR><BR>After Forever - Decipher 300 р. <BR>Bon Jovi - These Days (Single) 200 р. <BR>Count De Nocte - Sorores Nocte Genitae 300 р. <BR>Carcass - Reek Of Putrefaction 300 р. <BR>Dimmu Borgir - Enthrone Darkness Triumphant (Digipack) 500 р. <BR>Dragobrath - And Mountains Openeth Eyes 200 р. <BR>Doro - Burn it Up 200 р.<BR>Doro - Ceremony 200 р.<BR>Doro - White Wedding 250 р. <BR>Doro - Bad Blood 300 р. <BR>Doro - I'll Make It On My Own 300 р. <BR>Doro - Last Day of My Life 300 р. <BR>Doro - Herzblut (запечатан) 450 р. <BR>Doro - Calling the Wild (американское издание) 350 р. <BR>Girlschool - The Collection 300 р. <BR>Lunatic Gods - The Wilderness (Promo c буклетом) 150 р. <BR>Moonspell - Lusitanian Metal DVD+CD Delux Ed. (запечатан) 2000 р. <BR>Myllarit - Metsolan Kuningas 250 р. <BR>Poccolus - Poccolus 300 р. <BR>Ozzy Osbourne - Bark At The Moon 300 р. <BR>Ozzy Osbourne - Ozzmosis 300 р. <BR>Vader - The Darkest Age - Live 300 р. <BR>Weltenbrand - Weltenbrand 300 р. <BR>Atra Mustum - Черная Осень 150 р. <BR>Condemned Cell - Shadows of the Past 150 р. <BR>Evoken - Embrace The Emptiness 200 р. <BR>Ea - Ea Taesse - Ea Taesse 200 р. <BR>Lethargia - The Kingdom Of Unrealisable Hopes 150 р. <BR>Melancholy - Fear Of Emptiness 150 р. <BR>Melancholy - Closed Eyes 150 р. <BR>Necrost - conception of noise 150 р. <BR>Osimira - Прошуа 150 р. <BR>Posthumous Blasphemer - Putrespermfaction Versus Fertiholyzatio 150 р. <BR>Radigost - For the honor of our truth... For the honor of our faith (Digipack) 200 р. <BR>Иван Царевиц - Иду на Вы! (запечатан) 100 р. <BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Праздник Похмеляйнен 150 р. <BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Тролль Гнет Ель 150 р.<BR><BR><BR>Лицензия по 100 р.<BR><BR>Ad Inferna - L'Empire Des Sens <BR>Ajattara - Itse <BR>Ajattara - Kuolema <BR>Arachnes - Apocalypse <BR>Avec Tristesse - Ravishing Beauty <BR>Beto Vazquez Infinity - Beto Vazquez Infinity <BR>Cadaveria - The Shadow's Madame <BR>Casketgarden - This Corroded Soul Of Mine <BR>Deep Inside Myself - At A Late Hour <BR>Edenbridge - Aphelion <BR>Fairyland - Of Wars In Osyrhia <BR>Moonlight - Yaishi <BR>Moonspell - Wolfheart <BR>Nebular Moon - Metamorphosis <BR>Peccatum - Amor Fati <BR>Red Aim - Flesh For Fantasy <BR>Saltatio Mortis - Das Zweite Gesicht <BR>Sear Bliss - Grand Destiny <BR>The Bronx Casket Co. - Sweet Home Transylvania <BR>Tuatha De Danann - Tuatha De Danann <BR>Tyr - Ragnarok <BR>Vicious Mary - Vicious Mary<BR><BR>Пиратка бонусом к любому диску<BR><BR>Doro - Fight (с буклетом) <BR>Moonspell - The Antidote (с буклетом) <BR>Paradise Lost - Gothic (с цветным вкладышем) <BR>Paradise Lost - Icon (с цветным вкладышем) <BR><BR>контакт: castlewt [at] narod [dot] ru<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 11.07.2010 00:34:
Фирма <BR><BR>After Forever - Decipher 300 р. <BR>Bon Jovi - These Days (Single) 200 р. <BR>Count De Nocte - Sorores Nocte Genitae 300 р. <BR>Carcass - Reek Of Putrefaction 300 р. <BR>Dragobrath - And Mountains Openeth Eyes 200 р. <BR>Doro - Burn it Up 200 р.<BR>Doro - Ceremony 200 р.<BR>Doro - White Wedding 250 р. <BR>Doro - Bad Blood 300 р. <BR>Doro - I'll Make It On My Own 300 р. <BR>Doro - Last Day of My Life 300 р. <BR>Doro - Herzblut (запечатан) 450 р. <BR>Doro - Calling the Wild (американское издание) 350 р. <BR>Girlschool - The Collection 300 р. <BR>Lunatic Gods - The Wilderness (Promo c буклетом) 150 р. <BR>Moonspell - Lusitanian Metal DVD+CD Delux Ed. (запечатан) 2000 р. <BR>Myllarit - Metsolan Kuningas 250 р. <BR>Poccolus - Poccolus 300 р. <BR>Ozzy Osbourne - Bark At The Moon 300 р. <BR>Ozzy Osbourne - Ozzmosis 300 р. <BR>Vader - The Darkest Age - Live 300 р. <BR>Atra Mustum - Черная Осень 150 р. <BR>Condemned Cell - Shadows of the Past 150 р. <BR>Evoken - Embrace The Emptiness 200 р. <BR>Ea - Ea Taesse - Ea Taesse 200 р. <BR>Lethargia - The Kingdom Of Unrealisable Hopes 150 р. <BR>Melancholy - Fear Of Emptiness 150 р. <BR>Melancholy - Closed Eyes 150 р. <BR>Necrost - conception of noise 150 р. <BR>Osimira - Прошуа 150 р. <BR>Posthumous Blasphemer - Putrespermfaction Versus Fertiholyzatio 150 р. <BR>Radigost - For the honor of our truth... For the honor of our faith (Digipack) 200 р. <BR>Иван Царевиц - Иду на Вы! (запечатан) 100 р. <BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Праздник Похмеляйнен 150 р. <BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Тролль Гнет Ель 150 р.<BR><BR><BR>Лицензия по 100 р.<BR><BR>Ad Inferna - L'Empire Des Sens <BR>Ajattara - Itse <BR>Ajattara - Kuolema <BR>Arachnes - Apocalypse <BR>Avec Tristesse - Ravishing Beauty <BR>Beto Vazquez Infinity - Beto Vazquez Infinity <BR>Cadaveria - The Shadow's Madame <BR>Casketgarden - This Corroded Soul Of Mine <BR>Deep Inside Myself - At A Late Hour <BR>Edenbridge - Aphelion <BR>Fairyland - Of Wars In Osyrhia <BR>Moonlight - Yaishi <BR>Moonspell - Wolfheart <BR>Nebular Moon - Metamorphosis <BR>Peccatum - Amor Fati <BR>Red Aim - Flesh For Fantasy <BR>Saltatio Mortis - Das Zweite Gesicht <BR>Sear Bliss - Grand Destiny <BR>The Bronx Casket Co. - Sweet Home Transylvania <BR>Tuatha De Danann - Tuatha De Danann <BR>Tyr - Ragnarok <BR>Vicious Mary - Vicious Mary<BR><BR>Пиратка бонусом к любому диску<BR><BR>Doro - Fight (с буклетом) <BR>Moonspell - The Antidote (с буклетом) <BR>Paradise Lost - Gothic (с цветным вкладышем) <BR>Paradise Lost - Icon (с цветным вкладышем) <BR><BR>контакт: castlewt [at] narod [dot] ru<BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Non Serviam 11.09.2011 01:47:
eskhaton @ rambler . ru<BR><BR>формат/лэйбл/цена по запросу<BR><BR>abhor	-	nequaquam vacuum: beginning of the great opera <BR>abismo eterno	-	la ultima elegia del guardian<BR>aborym	-	with no human intervention <BR>aborym	-	generator <BR>abyssum	-	thy call <BR>acrid	-	amalgamate <BR>ad inferna	-	l'empire des sens <BR>adversam	-	animadverte <BR>agarthi	-	at the burning horizon <BR>aghora	-	aghora <BR>agony lords	-	the sun of the cursed<BR>aisling	-	aisling<BR>al sirat	-	signa tempori <BR>alkonost	-	alkonost<BR>amaran	-	a world depraved<BR>amorbital	-	invidia <BR>amsvartner	-	the trollish mirror<BR>ancepsdea	-	charmed for life & blessed in grief <BR>ancient ceremony	-	synagoga diabolica<BR>ancient ceremony	-	the third testament<BR>ancient rites	-	rubicon <BR>and oceans	-	a.m.g.o.d. <BR>and oceans	-	cypher <BR>antares	-	sad hope<BR>apophis	-	down in the valley<BR>apophis	-	heliopolis<BR>apostasia	-	martyrs of god<BR>archaen harmony	-	nihility mundane soul<BR>artillery	-	deadly relics <BR>as divine grace	-	lumo <BR>astral	-	magia eon... <BR>astray	-	until i'm cold enough <BR>astray	-	alone <BR>astriaal	-	summoning the essence of ancient wisdom <BR>at the gates	-	the red in the sky is ours + with fear i kiss the burning darkness<BR>atheist	-	piece of time <BR>atheist	-	unquestionable presence <BR>atropos	-	creature chthonienne<BR>aura	-	shattered dawnbreak<BR>avenger	-	fall of devotion. wrath and blasphemy<BR>axamenta	-	codex barathri <BR>azmodan	-	evil obscurity<BR>azmodan	-	of angels and demons<BR>aztec	-	loss of our final pride<BR>babylon sad	-	kyrie <BR>behemoth	-	thelema.6 <BR>behemoth	-	zos kia cultus<BR>belzabet	-	before night fall <BR>benighted	-	harbingers of the victorium aeternus<BR>bergthron	-	verborgen in den tiefen der walder<BR>bergthron	-	jagdheim<BR>bewitched	-	somewhere beyond the mist<BR>beyond the embrace	-	against the elements<BR>blackstorm	-	as black as thy candles burn<BR>bloodthorn	-	onwards into battle<BR>buried dreams	-	necrosphere<BR>buried dreams	-	perceptions<BR>burzum	-	det som engang var <BR>burzum	-	hvis lyset tar oss <BR>cacophony	-	go off! <BR>canvasser	-	stella mortala<BR>carcariass	-	sideral torment <BR>carcariass	-	killing process <BR>carcass	-	heartwork <BR>carpathian forest	-	fuck you all !!!!! caput tuum in ano est <BR>carpathian forest	-	black shining leather<BR>carpathian forest	-	strange old brew<BR>carpathian forest	-	defending the throne of evil<BR>carpe tenebrum	-	mirrored hate painting<BR>casus belli	-	kalos kai agathos<BR>celestial season	-	solar lovers <BR>centurian	-	liber zarzax<BR>ceremonial embrace	-	oblivion <BR>chalice	-	chronicles of dysphoria<BR>chrysalis	-	between strength and frailty <BR>chrysalis	-	...from different worlds <BR>control denied	-	the fragile art of existence <BR>cradle of filth	-	cruelty and the beast <BR>cradle of filth	-	bitter suites to succubi <BR>cradle of filth	-	lovecraft & witch hearts <BR>cradle of filth	-	damnation and a day <BR>cromm cruac	-	senecio<BR>cryptic tales	-	the tales<BR>cryptic wintermoon	-	of shadows...and the dark things you fear <BR>daemonium	-	dark opera of the ancient war spirit <BR>daemusinem	-	domine empire<BR>dagorlad	-	the end of the dark ages <BR>dark age	-	the silent republic <BR>dark fortress	-	profane genocidal creations<BR>darkwell	-	suspiria<BR>dawn of dreams	-	darklight awakening<BR>death	-	human <BR>death	-	picture disc boxset<BR>death	-	live in l.a.<BR>death	-	the sound of perseverance <BR>death sentence	-	awaiting the cinnamon dawn <BR>decapitated	-	the first damned <BR>deicide	-	once upon the cross <BR>deicide	-	in torment in hell <BR>deicide	-	scars of the crucifix 

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

grlk 10.11.2011 17:49:
Продаю диски. Российская лицензия по 150 р., "родные" по 500. <BR><BR>vital remains - dechristanize (fono)<BR>Odhin - the north brigade (irond)<BR>Therion - Sirius B (irond)<BR>Therion - Secret of runes (irond)<BR>Therion - Lemuria (irond)<BR>Katatonia - tonight's decision (soyuz)<BR>Samael - reign of light (regain records)<BR>Opera IX - Anphishena (irond)<BR>Love Lies Bleeding - Ellipse (cdm)<BR>Love Lies Bleeding - Ex Nihilo (cdm) <BR>Immortal - sons of northern darkness (irond)<BR>Aeternus - schadows of old (fono)<BR>Darzamat - In the flames of black art (irond)<BR>Dark Tranquility - character (fono)<BR>Catamenia - Morning crimson (cdm)<BR>Catamenia - Eskhata (cdm)<BR>Amortis - Gift of tongues (cdm)<BR>Thy serpent - Christcruscher (fono)<BR>...and oceans - the dynamics gallery of throughts (cdm)<BR>...and oceans - the symmetry of 1 cyrcle 0 (cdm)<BR>Lux Occulta - Dyonisos (cdm)<BR>Lux Occulta - Forever alone, immortal (cdm)<BR>Lux Occulta - My guardian anger (cdm)<BR>Diabolical Masquarade - Ravendusk in my heart (irond)<BR>Diabolical Masquarade - The phantom lodge (irond)<BR>Riger - gjallar (cdm)<BR>Thytfing - vansinnesvisor (fono)<BR>Satanas Penguins - birds of darkness (cdm)<BR>Sun of the sleepless & nachtmachr - i (cdm)<BR>Torchbearer - yersinia pestis (fono)<BR>Notre Dame - vol.1: le theatre de vampire (fono)<BR>Mar de grises - The ttatterdemalion express (cdm)<BR>Shade empire - Sinthetic (irond)<BR>Mourning Beloveth - Dust (irond)<BR>Gloomy Grim - Life? (irond)<BR>Reverned Bizzarre II: - crusch the insects (fono)<BR>Until Death Overtakes Me - Prelude to monolith (cdm)<BR>Himinbjorg - Haunted stores (irond)<BR>Ruttha - Domsdaylight (myst)<BR>Nebular moon - metamarfosys (cdm)<BR>Trollheims grott - Bloodsoaked and III-faced (cdm)<BR>Emancer - Upuisible (goldcd)<BR>Essence of existence - Ephemeris sun (sir)<BR>Schadow gallery - legacy (magna carta)<BR>The dillinger escape plan - - miss machine (irond)<BR>Bloodthorn - genocide (irond)<BR>Funebris nocturnum - from the aspectof darkly illuminated (cdm)<BR>Penumbra - Emanate (cdm)<BR>Deinonychus - insomnia (cdm)<BR>Paths of possession - Promises in blood (fono)<BR>Obsidian gate - The nightspecrtal voyayage (cdm)<BR>Vindeval -imperium grotesque (cdm)<BR>Ulvhedin - Pagan manifest (cdm)<BR>The wicked - ...for theirs is the flesh (cdm)<BR>Crest of darkness - project regeneration (irond)<BR>Crionics - armageddon revolution (irond)<BR>Algaznath - Osiris-typhon unmasked (cdm)<BR>Arcanar - пыльный владыка (stygyan crypt)<BR>A mind confused - anarchos (irond)<BR>Ad inferna -L'empire des sens (irond)<BR>Нехристь - Casus belli (sfc)<BR>Zyklon - world of worms (irond)<BR>Aborym - With no human intervention (cdm)<BR>Aborym - Fire walk with with us (irond)<BR>Ancient -night visit (fono)<BR>Tyrant - heavenly essence (cdm)<BR>Diabolicum - dark blood rising (irond)<BR>Cryonics - human error (cdm)<BR>Carpathian forest - we going to hell with this (irond)<BR>Behemoth - zos kia occultus (irond)<BR>Morgul - the horror grandeur (fono)<BR>Morgul - spectr of supposed (fono)<BR>Morgul - All dead here... (fono)<BR><BR>belf187@mail.ru<BR> 

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Non Serviam 07.10.2012 22:30:
eskhaton @ rambler . ru<BR><BR>фирмО, что-то даже диджипак, хотя и не указано особо<BR><BR>Abismo Eterno	La Ultima Elegia Del Guardian<BR>Aborym	With No Human Intervention <BR>Aborym	Generator <BR>Abyssum	Thy Call <BR>Acrid	Amalgamate  <BR>Ad Inferna	L'empire des sens  <BR>Adversam	Animadverte  <BR>Aghora	Aghora  <BR>Agony Lords	The Sun Of The Cursed<BR>Agony Lords / Dies Irae	Unions / Ab Imo Pectore<BR>Agressor	Medieval Rites<BR>Agressor	The Spirit of Evil<BR>Aisling	Aisling<BR>Al Sirat	Signa Tempori  <BR>Alkonost	Alkonost<BR>Amaran	A World Depraved<BR>Amorbital	Invidia  <BR>Amsvartner	The Trollish Mirror<BR>Ancepsdea	Charmed for Life & Blessed in Grief  <BR>Ancestral Stigmata	Spirit<BR>Ancient Rites	Rubicon  <BR>And Oceans	A.M.G.O.D. <BR>And Oceans	Cypher <BR>Antares	Sad Hope<BR>Apophis	Down In The Valley<BR>Apophis	Heliopolis<BR>Apostasia	Martyrs Of God<BR>Archaen Harmony	Nihility Mundane Soul<BR>Artillery	Deadly Relics <BR>Artist	Title<BR>As Divine Grace	Lumo  <BR>Astral	Magia Eon... <BR>Astral	Magia Eon... <BR>Astray	Until I'm Cold Enough  <BR>Astray	Alone <BR>Astriaal	Summoning the Essence of Ancient Wisdom  <BR>At the Gates	The Red in the Sky Is Ours + With Fear I Kiss the Burning Darkness<BR>Atheist	Piece Of Time  <BR>Atheist	Unquestionable Presence <BR>Atropos	Creature Chthonienne<BR>Aura	Shattered Dawnbreak<BR>Avenger	Fall Of Devotion. Wrath And Blasphemy<BR>Axamenta	Codex Barathri  <BR>Azmodan	Evil Obscurity<BR>Azmodan	Of Angels And Demons<BR>Aztec	Loss Of Our Final Pride<BR>Babylon Sad	Kyrie  <BR>Behemoth	Thelema.6 <BR>Behemoth	Zos Kia Cultus (Here and Beyond) <BR>Behemoth	Pandemonic Incantations <BR>Behemoth	Satanica <BR>Belzabet	Before Night Fall  <BR>Benighted	Harbingers Of The Victorium Aeternus<BR>Bergthron	Verborgen In Den Tiefen Der Walder<BR>Bergthron	Jagdheim<BR>Bewitched	Somewhere Beyond The Mist<BR>Beyond The Embrace	Against The Elements<BR>Blackstorm	As Black As Thy Candles Burn<BR>Blazing Eternity	Times And Unknown Waters<BR>Bloodthorn	Onwards Into Battle<BR>Buried Dreams	Necrosphere<BR>Buried Dreams	Perceptions<BR>Cacophony	Go Off! <BR>Canvasser	Stella Mortala<BR>Carcariass	Sideral Torment  <BR>Carcariass	Killing Process <BR>Carcass	Heartwork <BR>Carpathian Forest	Fuck You All !!!!! Caput Tuum in Ano Est  <BR>Carpathian Forest	Defending The Throne Of Evil<BR>Carpe Tenebrum	Mirrored Hate Painting<BR>Casus Belli	Kalos Kai Agathos<BR>Cemetery Of Scream	Melancholy  <BR>Centurian	Liber ZarZax<BR>Ceremonial Embrace	Oblivion  <BR>Chalice	Chronicles of Dysphoria<BR>Chrysalis	Between Strength and Frailty  <BR>Chrysalis	...From Different Worlds  <BR>Continuo Renacer	Continuo Renacer<BR>Control Denied	The Fragile Art of Existence  <BR>Cradle Of Filth	Damnation and a Day <BR>Cradle Of Filth	From the Cradle to Enslave <BR>Cradle Of Filth	Live Bait For The Dead <BR>Crest Of Darkness	Sinister Scenario <BR>Crest Of Darkness	Project Regeneration <BR>Cromm Cruac	Senecio<BR>Cryptic Tales	The Tales<BR>Cryptic Wintermoon	of Shadows...And the Dark Things You Fear <BR>Daemonium	Dark Opera Of The Ancient War Spirit  <BR>Daemusinem	Domine Empire<BR>Dagorlad	The End Of The Dark Ages <BR>Dark Age	The Silent Republic <BR>Dark Fortress	Profane Genocidal Creations<BR>Darken	Darken<BR>Darkwell	Suspiria<BR>Dawn Of Dreams	Darklight Awakening<BR>Death	Live in L.A. (Death & Raw) <BR>Death	The Sound of Perseverance <BR>Decapitated	The First Damned  <BR>Decapitated	Winds of Creation <BR>Decapitated	Nihility 

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 22.10.2012 09:36:
Распродажа излишков.<BR>Контакт: castlewt{@}narod.ru<BR><BR>Фирма<BR>Count De Nocte - Sorores Nocte Genitae 300 р. <BR>Carcass - Reek Of Putrefaction 300 р. <BR>Doro - Burn it Up 200 р. <BR>Doro - White Wedding 250 р. <BR>Doro - Herzblut (запечатан) 450 р. <BR>Girlschool - The Collection 300 р. <BR>Lunatic Gods - The Wilderness (Promo c буклетом) 150 р. <BR>Moonspell - Lusitanian Metal DVD+CD Delux Ed. (запечатан) 2000 р. <BR>Poccolus - Poccolus 300 р. <BR>Ozzy Osbourne - Bark At The Moon 300 р. <BR>Ozzy Osbourne - Ozzmosis 300 р. <BR>Within Temptation - Mother Earth (EP) 250р.<BR>Vader - The Darkest Age - Live 300 р. <BR>Atra Mustum - Черная Осень 150 р. <BR>Condemned Cell - Shadows of the Past 150 р. <BR>Evoken - Embrace The Emptiness 200 р. <BR>Ea - Ea Taesse - Ea Taesse 200 р. <BR>Lethargia - The Kingdom Of Unrealisable Hopes 150 р. <BR>Manegarm – Vargstenen 300р.<BR>Manegarm – Vredens Tid 300р.<BR>Manegarm – Dodsfard 300р.<BR>Mithotyn – King of the Distant Forest (first press!!!) 1000р.<BR>Melancholy - Fear Of Emptiness 150 р. <BR>Melancholy - Closed Eyes 150 р. <BR>Necrost - conception of noise 150 р. <BR>Osimira - Прошуа 150 р. <BR>Posthumous Blasphemer - Putrespermfaction Versus Fertiholyzatio 150 р. <BR>Иван Царевиц - Иду на Вы! (запечатан) 100 р. <BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Праздник Похмеляйнен 150 р. <BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Тролль Гнет Ель 150 р.<BR><BR>Лицензия - 100р. диск<BR>Ad Inferna - L'Empire Des Sens <BR>Ajattara - Itse <BR>Ajattara - Kuolema <BR>Arachnes - Apocalypse <BR>Avec Tristesse - Ravishing Beauty <BR>Beto Vazquez Infinity - Beto Vazquez Infinity <BR>Cadaveria - The Shadow's Madame <BR>Casketgarden - This Corroded Soul Of Mine <BR>Deep Inside Myself - At A Late Hour <BR>Edenbridge - Aphelion <BR>Fairyland - Of Wars In Osyrhia <BR>Moonlight - Yaishi <BR>Moonspell - Wolfheart <BR>Nebular Moon - Metamorphosis <BR>Red Aim - Flesh For Fantasy <BR>Saltatio Mortis - Das Zweite Gesicht <BR>Sear Bliss - Grand Destiny <BR>The Bronx Casket Co. - Sweet Home Transylvania <BR>Tuatha De Danann - Tuatha De Danann <BR>Vicious Mary - Vicious Mary<BR><BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Sergey White Tiger 21.11.2012 11:24:
Распродажа излишков. По всем вопросам писать на castlewt@narod.ru<BR><BR>Фирма<BR><BR>Count De Nocte - Sorores Nocte Genitae 300 руб.<BR>Carcass - Reek Of Putrefaction 300 руб.<BR>Cradle Of Filth - No Time To Cry 200 руб.<BR>Cradle Of Filth - Cruelty And The Beast 300 руб.<BR>Doro - Burn It Up 200 руб.<BR>Doro - White Wedding 200 руб.<BR>Doro - Herzblut (запечатан) 400 руб.<BR>Ea - Ea Taesse - Ea Taesse 200 руб.<BR>Evoken - Embrace The Emptiness 200 руб.<BR>Girlschool - The Collection 300 руб.<BR>Lunatic Gods - The Wilderness (Promo c буклетом)  150 руб.<BR>Manegarm - Vargstenen 300 руб.<BR>Manegarm - Vredens Tid 300 руб.<BR>Manegarm - Dodsfard 300 руб.<BR>Mithotyn - King Of The Distant Forest 800 руб.<BR>Moonspell - Lusitanian Metal DVD+CD Delux Ed. (запечатан) 2000 руб.<BR>Ozzy Osbourne - Ozzmosis 300 руб.<BR>Ozzy Osbourne - Bark At The Moon 300 руб.<BR>Poccolus - Poccolus 300 руб.<BR>Thyrfing - Valdr Galga (Digipack) 400 руб.<BR>Vader - The Darkest Age - Live '93 300 руб.<BR>Within Temptation - The Silent Force 300 руб.<BR>Within Temptation - Mother Earth (Re-issue) 300 руб.<BR>Alkonost - Between the Worlds 150 руб.<BR>Alkonost - Alkonost 150 руб.<BR>Atra Mustum - Черная Осень 150 руб.<BR>Condemned Cell - Shadows of the Past 150 руб.<BR>Everlost - Bitterness of The Triumph 150 руб.<BR>Hieronimus Bosch - Artificial Emotions 150 руб.<BR>Lethargia - The Kingdom Of Unrealisable Hopes 150 руб.<BR>Necrost - conception of noise 150 руб.<BR>Osimira - Прошуа 150 руб.<BR>Pagan Reign - Во времена былин 100 руб.<BR>Pagan Reign - Уделы Былой Веры 100 руб.<BR>Pagan Reign - Отблески Славы И Возрождение Былого Величия 100 руб.<BR>Posthumous Blasphemer - Putrespermfaction Versus Fertiholyzatio 150 руб.<BR>Иван Царевиц - Иду на Вы! (запечатан) 100 руб.<BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Праздник Похмеляйнен 150 руб.<BR>Тролль Гнет Ель - Тролль Гнет Ель 150 руб.<BR><BR><BR>Лицензия - 80 руб. диск<BR>Ad Inferna - L'Empire Des Sens <BR>Ajattara - Kuolema <BR>Ajattara - Itse <BR>Arachnes - Apocalypse <BR>Arch Enemy - Dead Eyes See No Future <BR>Arch Enemy - Anthems Of Rebellion <BR>Avec Tristesse - Ravishing Beauty <BR>Beto Vazquez Infinity - Beto Vazquez Infinity <BR>The Bronx Casket Co. - Sweet Home Transylvania <BR>Cadaveria - The Shadow's Madame <BR>Casketgarden - This Corroded Soul Of Mine <BR>Dark Moor - Between Light And Darkness <BR>Deep Inside Myself - At A Late Hour <BR>Edenbridge - Aphelion <BR>Fairyland - Of Wars In Osyrhia <BR>Moonlight - Yaishi <BR>Moonspell - Wolfheart <BR>Nebular Moon - Metamorphosis <BR>Red Aim - Flesh For Fantasy <BR>Saltatio Mortis - Das Zweite Gesicht <BR>Sear Bliss - Grand Destiny <BR>Tuatha De Danann - Tuatha De Danann <BR>Vicious Mary - Vicious Mary <BR>Weltenbrand - The End Of The Wizard <BR><BR>Винил<BR><BR>Children of Bodom "Follow the Reaper" 2008 Nuclear Blast  Limited 180gr (НЕ распечатан!) 1000 руб.<BR><BR>Для желающих найдется мерч DORO и журналы.<BR>С списком журналов и плакатов можно ознакомится здесь <A HREF="http://castlewt.narod.ru/trade/list.html" TARGET="_blank">http://castlewt.narod.ru/trade/list.html</A><BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Non Serviam 04.02.2013 22:05:
ценники невысокие<BR><BR>Abismo Eterno	La Ultima Elegia Del Guardian<BR>Aborym	With No Human Intervention <BR>Aborym	Generator <BR>Abyssum	Thy Call <BR>Acrid (Hol)	Amalgamate  <BR>Ad Inferna	L'empire des sens  <BR>Adversam	Animadverte  <BR>Aghora	Aghora  <BR>Agony Lords	The Sun Of The Cursed<BR>Agony Lords / Dies Irae	Unions / Ab Imo Pectore<BR>Agressor (Fr)	The Spirit of Evil<BR>Aisling	Aisling<BR>Al Sirat	Signa Tempori  <BR>Alkonost	Alkonost<BR>Amaran	A World Depraved<BR>Amorbital	Invidia  <BR>Amsvartner	The Trollish Mirror<BR>Ancepsdea	Charmed for Life & Blessed in Grief  <BR>Ancestral Stigmata	Spirit<BR>Ancient Rites	Rubicon  <BR>And Oceans	A.M.G.O.D. <BR>And Oceans	Cypher <BR>Antares	Sad Hope<BR>Apophis	Heliopolis<BR>Apostasia	Martyrs Of God<BR>Archaen Harmony	Nihility Mundane Soul<BR>Artillery	Deadly Relics <BR>Artist	Title<BR>As Divine Grace	Lumo  <BR>Astray	Until I'm Cold Enough  <BR>Astray	Alone <BR>Astriaal	Summoning the Essence of Ancient Wisdom  <BR>At the Gates	The Red in the Sky Is Ours + With Fear I Kiss the Burning Darkness<BR>Atheist	Piece Of Time  <BR>Atheist	Unquestionable Presence <BR>Atropos	Creature Chthonienne<BR>Aura	Shattered Dawnbreak<BR>Avenger	Fall Of Devotion. Wrath And Blasphemy<BR>Axamenta	Codex Barathri  <BR>Azmodan	Evil Obscurity<BR>Azmodan	Of Angels And Demons<BR>Aztec	Loss Of Our Final Pride<BR>Behemoth	Thelema.6 <BR>Behemoth	Zos Kia Cultus (Here and Beyond) <BR>Behemoth	Satanica <BR>Belzabet (Mex)	Before Night Fall  <BR>Benighted	Harbingers Of The Victorium Aeternus<BR>Bergthron	Verborgen In Den Tiefen Der Walder<BR>Bergthron	Jagdheim<BR>Bewitched	Somewhere Beyond The Mist<BR>Beyond The Embrace	Against The Elements<BR>Blackstorm	As Black As Thy Candles Burn<BR>Blazing Eternity	Times And Unknown Waters<BR>Bloodthorn	Onwards Into Battle<BR>Buried Dreams	Necrosphere<BR>Buried Dreams	Perceptions<BR>Cacophony	Go Off! <BR>Canvasser	Stella Mortala<BR>Carcass	Heartwork <BR>Carpathian Forest	Fuck You All !!!!! Caput Tuum in Ano Est  <BR>Carpathian Forest	Defending The Throne Of Evil<BR>Casus Belli	Kalos Kai Agathos<BR>Centurian	Liber ZarZax<BR>Ceremonial Embrace	Oblivion  <BR>Chalice	Chronicles of Dysphoria<BR>Chrysalis (Ita)	...From Different Worlds  <BR>Continuo Renacer	Continuo Renacer<BR>Cradle Of Filth	Damnation and a Day <BR>Cradle Of Filth	From the Cradle to Enslave <BR>Cradle Of Filth	Live Bait For The Dead <BR>Crest Of Darkness	Sinister Scenario <BR>Crest Of Darkness	Project Regeneration <BR>Cromm Cruac	Senecio<BR>Cryptic Tales	The Tales<BR>Cryptic Wintermoon	of Shadows...And the Dark Things You Fear <BR>Daemonium	Dark Opera Of The Ancient War Spirit  <BR>Daemusinem	Domine Empire<BR>Dagorlad (Bel)	The End Of The Dark Ages <BR>Dark Age (Ger)	The Silent Republic <BR>Dark Fortress	Profane Genocidal Creations<BR>Darken (USA)	Darken<BR>Darkwell	Suspiria<BR>Dawn Of Dreams	Darklight Awakening<BR>Death	Live in L.A. (Death & Raw) <BR>Death	The Sound of Perseverance <BR>Decapitated (Pol)	The First Damned  <BR>Decapitated (Pol)	Winds of Creation <BR>Decapitated (Pol)	Nihility <BR>Deicide	Once Upon the Cross <BR>Deicide	In Torment in Hell <BR>Deicide	Scars of the Crucifix <BR>Dementia	The Elfstone's Chronicles<BR>Demimonde	Mutant Star  <BR>Demonist	Undead<BR>Depresy	A Grand Magnificence + ...And There Came the Tears with Chris (demo)<BR>Depresy	Sighting <BR>Desdemona	Stagnacja<BR>Desecrated Dreams	Feelings Of Guilt<BR>Destinity	Under The Smell Of Chaos<BR>Destruction	Inventor Of Evil<BR>

