# Down The Drain

Дискография
"Dying Inside" 2007, Death Metal

## Отношения с другими группами


## Обсуждения


## Упоминания

### Что крутого в ROSSOMAHAAR?

Lazar 24.11.2001 16:02:
<BR><BR><BR>Here's one of the latest emails I got from Markus: <BR><BR>"Karsten told me he couldn't transfer yet, but he will be trying to transfer<BR>this friday or at least on monday. Sorry for that trouble, but we had to pay<BR>lots of studio costs the last weeks and we are no major label. I wanna be<BR>honest with you, so please wait these some more days." (Mon, 12 Sep 2001) <BR>  <BR>Well, needless to say, money were never transferred to our account. And, by<BR>the way, what studio costs had they been covering?? <BR>  <BR>I mean, lately I've emailed many bands that are / were signed to LEP the<BR>same kind of message (see below), and here's what they say: <BR><BR>"Salve. <BR>Kai's here @ Rossomahaar. <BR>Recently we have inked a deal with Last Episode, and now it seems like <BR>it was a mistake. A HUGE mistake. As far as I know, you also have (had?) <BR>certain problems with Karsten's behavior and unwillingness to cover the <BR>studio expenditures. Could you please tell me more on this subject? <BR>Would be much appreciated. <BR><BR>Respect, <BR>Kai" <BR><BR>Clemens / AMORTIS <BR><BR>"Actually I cannot tell when or if Last Episode is going to pay you. I have<BR>had more negative than positve experience with the label and "letting you<BR>wait" seems to be one of their prior label philosphy :-( <BR>There is many rumor that LE are going down the drain / having much financial<BR>problems... but I cannot say whether this is true or not. As they were not <BR>paying us for such a long time and our studio (of course) wanted to get <BR>their money we finally decided to stop working with them and to look for <BR>another label. Actually I'd strongly suggest to keep away from LE as the <BR>relation to their bands is very impersonal too. We always had to phone them<BR>or contact them to keep informed about latest news etc. and their was never<BR>feedback about our material and so on... We do not seem to be the only band <BR>who had these problems as acts like SUIDAKRA or NEBULAR MOON also decided to<BR>part from LE. Furthermore AEBA were telling me about the same troubles." <BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

urgammal pionjдr (99) 23.09.2008 08:46:
продаётся несколько новых дисков <BR>по 120р<BR>Mortiis The Grudge (Digipak CD single) DG earache <BR>по 150р<BR>ENSIFERUM ENSIFERUM cd Spinefarm rec.<BR>Exorcist Chossing the exorcist Mini CD <BR>Finntroll Ur Jordens Djup CD Spinefarm rec.<BR>Gurd D-Fect CD century media<BR>Gurd D-Fect / Remixes CD century media<BR>Gurd Down The Drain CD century media<BR>Hellfire Into fire CD <BR>Lacuna Coil Swamped CDS century media<BR>SuicidaL WINDS crush us with fire mcd <BR>Tiamat Cain (Ltd. Digipak) MCD century media<BR>Tiamat Vote For Love CDS century media<BR>Vordven When the wind.../ Towards.../ Woodland... CD <BR>по 180р<BR>Runemagick Resurrection In Blood CD century media<BR>Stuck Mojo HVY1 (Live + 2 New Studio Tracks) CD century media<BR>Stuck Mojo Violated MDG century media <BR>по 200р<BR>Cadaver Inc Discipline CD earache<BR>Edge of Sanity Cryptic CD black mark<BR>Fortid V&#246;luspa Part I –Thor&#180;s anger CD <BR>Leaves' eyes Into Your Light CDS napalm rec.<BR>Marduk Death March 2004-2005 MCD regain rec<BR>Marduk Hearse CDS regain rec<BR>Runemagick Enter The Realm Of Death CD century media<BR>Sentenced No one there CD century media<BR>Spet&#229;lsk Perverted commandment mcd no colours<BR>The Gathering Amity MCD century media<BR>The Gathering Rollercoaster MCD century media <BR>

### Продаётся и покупается некоторое количество говнЯшков.

Orange Krunch 19.11.2009 15:04:
Может оно тут кому приглянется...part II<BR>цены с доставкой по России от 3 экземпляров.<BR>вопросы об издании позиций в мыло<BR>mutiilation@list точка ру<BR><BR>DAMNATION ARMY - The Art Of The Occult - CD - 300<BR>DARK FAITH  - Storm Of Hatred And Anger - CD - 300<BR>DARK FORTRESS - Tales From The Eternal Dusk - CD - 300<BR>DARK FUNERAL - De Profundis Clamavi Ad Te Domine - DLP - 550<BR>DARK FURY - Vae Victis! - CD - 300<BR>DARK FURY / WHITE DEVILS / WAR - Alliance In Hate - CD - 300<BR>DARK TRIBE - In Ieraspunta - CD - 400<BR>DARKSIDE - Shadowfields - CD - 200<BR>DARZAMAT - Oniriads - CD - 450<BR>DAWN OF RELIC - Lovecraftian Dark - CD - 300<BR>DEIMOS - Never Be Awaken - CD - 200<BR>DESTROYER 666 - Cold Steel For An Iron Age - CD - 450<BR>DEUS INVERSUS - The Dawnfall - CD - 200<BR>DEVASTATOR \ BLASPHEMER - Nuclear War \ Race Of The Cursed Seeds - CD - 350<BR>DIABOLICAL - Deserts Of Desolation - CD - 350<BR>DIABOLICAL BREED - Compendium Infernus - digipak - 350<BR>DIE KRUPPS - Paradise Now - CD - 450<BR>DIMENSION ZERO - Silent Night Fever - CD - 450<BR>DISMEMBER - Where Iron Crosses Grow        - CD - 450<BR>DISMEMBER - Complete Demos - digipak - 450<BR>DISMEMBER - Pieces - digipak - 450<BR>DIVINA INFERIS - Aura Damnation - CD - 400<BR>DROWNING THE LIGHT - Vampyric Winter - 7" - 1850<BR>EDGE OF SANITY - Cryptic - CD - 400<BR>EDGE OF SANITY - Evolution - MCD - 350<BR>EDGE OF SANITY - Infernal - CD - 400<BR>EDGE OF SANITY - Nothing But Dead Remains - CD - 400<BR>EDGE OF SANITY - When All Is Said - DCD - 500<BR>EIBON / HANGMANS CHOIR - split - CD - 450<BR>EMBERS OF LIFE - Dark Conspiracy - CD - 200<BR>EMIT - A Sword Of Death For The Price - CD - 400<BR>EMPEROR - IX Equilibrium - CD - 350<BR>EMPEROR - Emperial Ceremony Live - CD - 500<BR>END - II - CD - 400<BR>ENSIFERUM - Dragonheads - MCD - 450<BR>ENSLAVED - Below The Lights - CD - 450<BR>ENSLAVED - Mardraum - CD - 450<BR>ENSLAVED - Monumension - CD - 450<BR>ENSLAVED / EMPEROR - split CD - CD - 500<BR>EONIC - Shadows - CD - 200<BR>EPHEL DUATH  - Pain Necessary To Know - CD - 450<BR>EPHEL DUATH  - Rephormula - CD - 450<BR>ETERNAL SIN - Christ's False Torments - CD - 200<BR>EWIGES REICH - Zeit Der Erwachens - CD - 350<BR>EXTINCTION - The Black Hex - CD - 300<BR>FAIRYLAND - Of Wars In Osyrhia - CD - 400<BR>FATUM - Obsessions Of Loneliness - CD - 200<BR>FEAR FACTORY - Concrete - CD - 450<BR>FINNTROLL - Nattf?dd - LP - 500<BR>FINNTROLL - Jaktens Tid (Century Media) - CD - 450<BR>FINNTROLL - Midnattens Widunder (Spikefarm) - CD - 500<BR>FINNTROLL - Nattfodd (Spikefarm) - CD - 450<BR>FINNTROLL - Ur Jordens Djup (Century Media) - CD - 500<BR>FINNTROLL - Ur Jordens Djup (Spikefarm) - CD - 400<BR>FINNTROLL - Visor Om Slutet - CD - 500<BR>FINNUGOR - Darkness Needs Us - CD - 450<BR>FOREST - В Пламени Славы - CD - 250<BR>FORTID - Voluspa part I: Thor's Anger - CD - 400<BR>FUNEBRIS - Triumph Of The Everlasting Fire - CD - 300<BR>FURZE - Necromanzee Cogent - CD - 500<BR>GAUNTLET'S SWORD - ...And Night Became Darker, Wilder - CD - 400<BR>GEIMHRE \ SHADE - For The Blood Of Hinterland \ Isa - CD - 200<BR>GLOOM - Distopia - CDr - 200<BR>GLOOMY GRIM - Blood Monster Darkness - CD - 450<BR>GORGOROTH - Ad Majorem Sathanas Gloriam - CD - 500<BR>GRAMARY - Suffocation - slipcase - 200<BR>GRAVELAND - Impaler's Wolves - MCD - 350<BR>GRAVELAND - Raise Your Sword! - MCD - 350<BR>GURD - D-Fect - CD - 200<BR>GURD - D-Fect / Remixes - CD - 200<BR>GURD - Down The Drain - CD - 200<BR>HAATSTRIJD - Cacodaemony - A5 digi - 500<BR>HADES ALMIGHTY - Pulse Of Decay - CD - 450<BR>HAGALAZ RUNEDANCE - Frigga's Web - CD - 450<BR>HAGALAZ RUNEDANCE - Volven / Urd - That Which Was - CD - 450<BR>HAGALAZ RUNEDANCE - The Trees That Sang Of Midgard - CD - 500<BR>HEAVY LORD - From Cosmos To Chaos - CD - 200<BR>HEIDEN - Potomkum Pozemskeho Soumraku - CD - 400<BR>HELGRINDR - Von Den Vorfahren Herstammend Landen - CD - 400<BR>HELLFIRE  - Into Fire - CD - 400<BR>HELLVETO - Klatwa - CD - 300<BR>HOLOCAUSTIA - The Sacrament Seed - MCD - 330<BR>HOLY BLOOD - Волны Танцуют - CD - 200<BR>HOLY DEATH - Apocalyptic War - CD - 350<BR>HOLY DEATH - Sodomy Of Megido - CD - 400<BR>HUGI - Solarliod - CD - 300<BR>

